AMAZULU are expected to be plying their trade in the Premier Soccer League (PSL) next season.Usuthu are finalising the purchase of Thanda Royal Zulu, who were promoted to the Absa Premiership after winning the National First Division (NFD) title at the end of the season. AmaZulu finished fifth in the NFD.This was confirmed by the club&rsquo;s general manager, Lunga Sokhela, who said all they were waiting for now was the stamp of approval from the PSL.Said Sokhela: &ldquo;The deal between us and Thanda is done. It&rsquo;s now all in the hands of the PSL. But we expect them to give us an answer as soon as next Wednesday. This matter is urgent. &ldquo;The PSL need to complete the fixtures for next season, so we expect they will speed up the process.&rdquo;Meanwhile Sokhela revealed AmaZulu have already found a buyer for their NFD franchise.Should the sale be approved, it won&rsquo;t sit well with the City of Umhlathuze, which has pumped more than R30 million into helping Thanda gain promotion. City of Umhlathuze communications manager Mdu Ncalane told SunSport recently that if the sale was approved, they would seek legal advice to find out if they could recover their money from Thanda chairman Pierre Delvaux. Sokhela, who spoke to SunSport at the launch of the inaugural Prince Mangosuthu Legacy Cup at Ulundi in northern KZN yesterday, said Usuthu could be a PSL team by the time the Legacy Cup rolls around on 30 July. He said: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s possible. If all goes according to plan the team will be in the PSL by the time we play in the Prince Mangosuthu Legacy Cup in July.&rdquo;He also said no matter where the team would be playing next season the technical team led by Zimbabwean coach Joey Antipas would remain the same. Sokhela said they would also keep the core of the players who failed to win promotion to the PSL last season. Those players, together with another six Sokhela plans to acquire to beef up the squad, will showcase their skills at the Legacy Cup, a four-team tournament to be staged at Ulundi Stadium. Apart from AmaZulu, the teams taking are Mbabane Swallows from Swaziland, Bloemfontein Celtic and Zululand District Municipality XI. Swallows general manager Sandile Zwane has promised to bring a the strong team to this tournament. Said Zwane: &ldquo;We are excited to take part in this tournament. Even though we have a busy Caf Confederation Cup schedule, we promise to bring our best squad.&rdquo;