BAFANA Bafana coach Stuart Baxter believes the team&rsquo;s victory over Nigeria in their opening Caf Africa Cup of Nations qualifier augurs well for the Premier Soccer League. Eight of the players who started against the Super Eagles ply their trade in the domestic league, with only Bongani Zungu, Keagan Dolly and Tokelo Rantie playing abroad. Baxter says the fact that the players not only held their own but even dominated some of the players who play in the top leagues in Europe was proof that the PSL was on the rise.Nigeria had players from clubs such as FC Porto, Leicester City, Arsenal and Manchester City in England and Spain&rsquo;s Sporting Gijon in their lineup but were unable to bulldoze Bafana.The South Africans triumphed 2-0 courtesy of Tokelo Rantie and Percy Tau&rsquo;s second half goals to condemn the Super Eagles to their first-ever loss to South Africa in an official game in over two decades, dating back to 1992.&ldquo;This is a reflection of the standard of the PSL. That they could stand their ground against these top stars speaks volumes for the league&rsquo;s progress. I hope they don&rsquo;t get carried away, but I hope this is a catalyst &ndash; a good start of good things to come,&rdquo; said the coach.Baxter said he was delighted with the victory &ndash; his second over Nigeria &ndash; for many reasons. &ldquo;Firstly, I know the impact it will have back at home. I never had so many messages on my phone after a win and this is a reflection of the magnitude of this win,&rdquo; said Baxter, who was the first coach to beat Nigeria in a Nelson Mandela Challenge in 2004 during his first stint with Bafana.&ldquo;Secondly, if this was a disappointing result, people were going to say &lsquo;he is just good at club level&rsquo; and not at international level. So, I hope this win will go a long way in shaping South African football but we should not get carried away.&rdquo;Ahead of the game Baxter was always optimistic about getting a victory in Nigeria. And his confidence was not misplaced, as Bafana came out tops. Baxter said he became confident they would do well after watching videos of the Super Eagles and seeing Bafana players buzzing at training. &ldquo;I felt the first 20 minutes was very tight and we didn&rsquo;t open up the game. But you can&rsquo;t expect to dominate from the first minute after four training sessions.&rdquo;He said it was difficult to single out one player for an outstanding performance as they all surprised him, particularly in the second half.Before Saturday&rsquo;s game Baxter&rsquo;s two satisfactory performances were Finland&rsquo;s 1-1 draw with Germany and Bafana&rsquo;s win against Mexico at the Gold Cup in the US in 2005. &ldquo;This victory is for South Africans, and the players and I are going to enjoy it.&rdquo; He said it gave him great hope for the future. Bafana will play against Zambia in an international friendly at Rustenburg&rsquo;s Moruleng Stadium tomorrow. Kick-off is at 7pm.