NEW SuperSport United coach Eric Tinkler left a Cape of stormy weather only to arrive at his new club&rsquo;s headquarters in Joburg to a brewing media storm yesterday. Matsatsantsa a Pitori CEO Stan Matthews publicly apologised after forcing the media to wait while Tinkler was being interviewed live on a TV programme.&ldquo;We have no excuse. We are sorry,&rdquo; said Matthews in his apology. &ldquo;We made a mistake and we have learnt from this.&rdquo;But once the media storm blew over Tinkler said he had joined United because he wanted to win trophies and take the club into Africa: &ldquo;I&rsquo;m a very ambitious coach and this is the club where I believe I can realise my ambitions.&rdquo;Tinkler left Cape Town City after finishing third in the Absa Premiership and qualifying the Citizens for the Caf Confederation Cup next year. He also guided City to triumph in the Telkom Knockout, coincidentally beating SuperSport 2-1 in the final.Matthews said Tinkler had signed a three-year deal with an option to extend. Tinkler starts on 1 July. He will retain the technical team comprising assistant coach Kaitano Tembo, who remain in charge of this month&rsquo;s Confed Cup clash with TP Mazembe in Tshwane on 20 June.Matthews stressed he had gone through the correct channels in luring the highly rated Tinkler to replace Stuart Baxter, who has joined Bafana Bafana. Matthews said there was no animosity between him and City owner John Comitis. Tinkler had two years to run on his contract with the Citizens but had a buy-out clause.Said Matthews: &ldquo;I spoke with John (Comitis) several times. I went through the front door. There is no animosity. I feel for John. I know how he feels. My world was turned upside down when Safa came calling for Stuart. That&rsquo;s football and we accept players and coaches move.&rdquo;&ldquo;Eric ticked all the boxes. Like Eric we are ambitious and want to succeed locally and get a gold star on our jerseys (by winning the Caf Champions League).&rdquo;Tinker also said he was proud to follow in the footsteps of Baxter, Gavin Hunt, who won three back-to-back Absa Premiership titles with United, and Pitso Mosimane, who won a number of trophies with United and is now the African Coach of the Year.&rdquo;Meanwhile, City boss Comitis is disappointed but stressed he would have a new coach in place within seven days.Kaizer Chiefs announced yesterday that they have parted ways with Steve Komphela&rsquo;s assistant John Paintsil, whose contract with the club was due to end in June next year.