RESIDENTS of KwaMashu no longer live in fear. eThekwini Municipality has finally fixed the broken streets lights on Malandela Road near the KwaMashu Shopping Centre at G section.In the past they were tortured by thugs who have been robbing them of their bags and cellphones every day for almost a month. They said they feared walking home because it was dark. Sne Mthembu (36), who walks past the shopping centre every day, told the People&rsquo;s Paper that the street lights came back on at the beginning of the month.She said she has not heard or witnessed any robbery since then.&ldquo;I have seen many crimes being committed there as I usually take a bus that arrives in KwaMashu at about 6.30pm. &ldquo;The first time I saw an incident I was about to jump off at a bus stop near a hardware store but I decided to get off at the next stop because I knew I was going to be the next victim,&rdquo; said Sne.She said now that the lights are back on, she jumps off at her normal stop. She thanked Daily Sun for its help.She previously told the People&rsquo;s Paper about a robbery of a madala near a chicken franchise. She said thugs ran onto the railway line with the madala&rsquo;s bag, leaving him lying on the side of the road.Another resident, Mpho Makhaye (31), said he was happy that he doesn&rsquo;t have to take the long route home anymore. Now he can walk freely because the lights are back on.&ldquo;After witnessing a robbery in the middle of last month, I decided to change my route. &ldquo;I feared that I was going to be robbed as I use the train to get to and from work,&rdquo; said Mpho.But when he noticed at the beginning of this month that the lights were fixed, he started using his old route again. Mandla Nsele, eThekwini Municipality spokesman, said: &ldquo;I told you it would take 10 days to fix the problem. We sent our people to fix it. &ldquo;We urge residents to always report any electricity faults so that we know about them and can send people to fix them timeously.&rdquo;