IT IS all systems go for the 2017 Bokone Bophirima Maize Cup.The pre-season spectacular, which features Kaizer Chiefs, Free State Stars, hosts Platinum Stars and Botswana&rsquo;s Township Rollers, will take place at the James Motlatsi Stadium in Orkney on 15 July, starting at 10am.The Bokone Bophirima Maize Cup is a one-day event that provides a feast of football and follows the format of the now defunct Charity Cup. And just like the old Charity Cup, the Maize Cup also contributes to charitable causes from the proceeds raised on the day. The day&rsquo;s proceedings will be kicked off by Dikwena who will entertain Free State Stars in the first semifinal at 10am before Chiefs clash with Botswana&rsquo;s Premier League giants Township Rollers in the second semi at 12pm.The winners of the two semifinals will meet in the final at the same venue at 4pm.Chiefs will be making their debut in this, the third edition of the competition, and replace defending champions Orlando Pirates, who will not feature in this year&rsquo;s event.North West MEC for Education and Sport Development, Sello Lehari, explained why the defending champions would not be part of this year&rsquo;s competition. He said: &ldquo;We wanted them to be part of this year&rsquo;s event as the reigning champions, but they were not available to participate in the tournament. &ldquo;But that was not a train smash, as we managed to replace them with Chiefs. The people of the province are not disappointed by Pirates&rsquo; absence &ndash; it is also part of the plan to rotate the teams. &ldquo;The hosts are the only team that won&rsquo;t be rotated,&rdquo; Lehari explained.&ldquo;In the past two years we have seen several different teams take part, including Mpumalanga Black Aces and Bloemfontein Celtic.The hosts were defeated 3-1 on penalties by Pirates at Moruleng Stadium last year. Dikwena won the inaugural tournament in 2015 after defeating Black Aces 1-0 in the final.Botswana Premier League champions Rollers make a return to the pre-season tournament, having played in the 2015 Maize Cup.Former Chiefs defender Fabian McCarthy said: &ldquo;Stars are born in the North West &ndash; for example Phil Masinga and Itumeleng Khune &ndash; so this type of tournament is important. I&rsquo;m looking forward to the games. Everybody must go to the stadium in support because we are guaranteed to see some good football with these four teams.&rdquo;Bafana Bafana legends Masinga and former Bafana captain Aaron Mokoena are the ambassadors and were present at the launch yesterday.