THE leaked Gupta emails, said to number as many as 200&thinsp;000 messages, paint a picture of South Africa as a spiderweb.And at the centre sits the Gupta family, in control of the nation.This week, the DA&rsquo;s Mmusi Maimane laid criminal charges against Eskom Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Anoj Singh, based on some of the leaked emails. When Singh was Transnet CFO, he flew to Dubai on four occasions when a deal was cooking. Neotel got a tender from Transnet worth R1,8&thinsp;billion and a Gupta company scored R41&thinsp;million.Emails released on Friday revealed that Singh spent nine days in Dubai during December 2015. This was close to the time when Eskom dropped Optimum Coal as a supplier, then loaned the Guptas money to help buy Optimum for their Tegeta company in a R2bn deal for coal that was deemed low grade.Maimane&rsquo;s take on the transaction: &ldquo;A textbook example of bribery and corruption.&rdquo;The corruption charge he laid on Singh followed the DA leader&rsquo;s charges of treason and corruption against Zuma, the three Gupta brothers, and eight other suspects, including Cabinet ministers and heads of state-owned enterprises.According to the leaked emails, Singh booked into the Oberoi Hotel in Dubai with Rajesh &ldquo;Tony&rdquo; Gupta on 6 June 2014, for a four-day stay.Singh was back at the Oberoi on 7 August, and again on 7 November. A few weeks later, Transnet gave Neotel the R1,8bn contract Homix, a Gupta subsidiary, was involved in the deal as an agent.From 7 to 9 November, 2014, Singh was back in the Oberoi. Weeks later, Neotel was awarded the contract concerned, worth R1,8bn. It paid Homix, a letterbox company allegedly connected to the Guptas, R41m.After he left Transnet and moved to Eskom, Singh was popping in and out of the Oberoi, at Gupta expense. He was there at the time of the Optimum deal.The leaked emails portray a criminal family that controls a large network of collaborators in the upper levels of government &ndash; a virtual shadow regime.It is in control of the economy, and steers the state in the direction its masters desire. The emails suggest the Guptas&rsquo; influence spread much further, and higher than political analysts suspected.On Friday, the ANC reacted officially to the shock revelations in tones of dismay.&nbsp;The governing party said it was concerned by the emails, and that they contained worrying claims about the relationship between government and private interests. It called on government to investigate their truthfulness.As for the Guptas&rsquo; reaction, their lawyer Gert van der Merwe described the thousands of leaked emails as a political smear campaign. He said he had advised his clients to lay criminal charges against media and journalists who published the &ldquo;tampered&rdquo; emails.The South African Communist Party (SACP) reacted with anger to the leaks. First, deputy secretary Jeremy Cronin called for the Hawks and the National Prosecuting Authority to step in, and said the emails appeared to show &ldquo;very high levels of criminality&rdquo;.The SACP&rsquo;s next conference is next month, and it will possibly decide to quit the triple alliance and campaign as an independent party in the 2019 elections, instead of backing the ANC.The alliance is expected to meet soon, in an attempt to settle differences. But this amid fear, especially in government, of further emails and shocks.&nbsp; &ndash; News24