COMMUNITY leader Mthunzi &ldquo;Jah Moses&rdquo; Zuma&rsquo;s family protested at Lingelethu Police Station on Saturday. Once more they accused the police of not doing enough to arrest his killers. After Jah Moses was killed on 28 May, residents marched to the cop station on 2 June. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s three weeks now since my brother was killed and nothing has happened. The more time goes by, the more the case goes unresolved. Justice delayed is justice denied,&rdquo; said his sister, Zanele Zuma (48).The Zuma family was accompanied by residents who were with Jah Moses when they invaded land near the Khayelitsha Magistrates Court. He was shot there during a meeting with invaders.&ldquo;I&rsquo;m happy we are in this together. &ldquo;My brother died for this land and his blood is the foundation of the Zwelethu housing scheme. We will not give up until we get the land, the very same land my brother died for,&rdquo; said Zanele.Community leader Zola Booi said they were holding a meeting when he was killed. &ldquo;A car came and two people got out and asked what was going on. &ldquo;He explained to them we were fighting for land to live on. The driver then got out and asked whether he was a Rasta. He then was shot in the head,&rdquo; said Booi.Residents marched from Town Two to Lingelethu Police Station, singing revolutionary songs. The group with the family carried a memorandum of demands, including that the people who killed Jah Moses should be arrested and those who were bust for the land grab released.&ldquo;We demand that charges are dropped against those who occupied vacant land in Town Two,&rdquo; read the memo.Marchers wanted to meet Lingelethu station commander Colonel Fana Dlamini but he wasn&rsquo;t around. They handed the memo to Captain Belinda Rossouw, who promised to hand it over to Dlamini.&ldquo;We are coming back on Wednesday to meet the commander,&rdquo; said Zanele, thanking residents for their support.Backyarders vowed not to give up and said it would be better for them to die too than allow Jah Moses&rsquo; death to be in vain.