GUNMAN has been laid to rest but his family is still arguing about why he took his life. Yesterday, his family told the SunTeam they found it suspicious that he killed himself while packing his bags to leave his allegedy abusive fiancee, Cynthia Khumalo. HOWEVER, CYNTHIA HAS COME FORWARD TO DEFEND HERSELF AND HAS DENIED EVER LAYING A HAND ON GUNMAN. Speaking at their house in Mofolo, Soweto, relatives of Gunman, whose real name was Christopher Kubheka, yesterday told the SunTeam at the time of his death he was preparing to leave his home in Soshanguve, Tshwane. The popular former Yizo Yizo actor was found dead after apparently hanging himself last week.His aunt Busi Kgaswane (60) said he had spent a week at the family home before he died. &ldquo;When he died, he had packed his bags and was about to leave. This whole thing doesn&rsquo;t add up. Cynthia should tell us the truth about what happened there.&rdquo; The family claimed after Gunman died, Cynthia posted a WhatsApp status saying: &ldquo;Some people are like clouds. When they disappear, it&rsquo;s a brighter day.&rdquo; Some members of the family even went as far as alleging the hanging was staged. &ldquo;Cynthia keeps changing her story to the media. One day she says he killed himself over a nyatsi, the next that he had many kids and couldn&rsquo;t support them. Then she says a friend betrayed him and he had depression. Which is it?&rdquo; asked Busi. Gunman&rsquo;s eldest son, Nkosana (27), said: &ldquo;I knew my father. He wouldn&rsquo;t kill himself over all these things mentioned.&rdquo; He denied claims that his father was depressed because he didn&rsquo;t have money. He had cars transporting school children and rooms he rented out. Even if he didn&rsquo;t work, he still had an income.&rdquo; Nkosana claimed things started changing in their lives when Cynthia and his father got together. &ldquo;He used to take me to visit my other siblings and celebrated our birthdays. When Cynthia came that changed,&rdquo; he said. Cynthia denied the allegations and said she had never laid a hand on Gunman. &ldquo;We were so in love. We fought, like every couple, but we were able to resolve our issues without physically fighting each other,&rdquo; she said. She said he was going to stay with his family because he was shooting a new drama closer to them and asked the family to stop blaming her. &ldquo;It won&rsquo;t help us. Gunman is the only one who knows why he did what he did. Let him rest in peace,&rdquo; she said. When asked about the WhatsApp status, she said she didn&rsquo;t use the app much and the status was put up before Gunman died.