FORMER Bafana Bafana captain Lucas &ldquo;Rhoo&rdquo; Radebe says the current squad under coach Stuart Baxter has the potential to make Mzansi proud. Baxter guided Bafana to overcome Nigeria 2-0 in an Africa Cup of Nations qualifier in Uyo at the weekend.The former Kaizer Chiefs and Leeds United defender made this statement during the launch of the ET Radebe Secondary Schools Knockout tournament in Soweto yesterday.Said Radebe: &ldquo;I saw light when Owen Da Gama assembled the team that played two friendlies against Guinea-Bissau and Angola in March. I am impressed with Baxter&rsquo;s organisation, knowing the calibre of a coach he is.&rdquo; Added Radebe: &ldquo;The team was better organised defensively going forward. He has implemented options and we kept a clean sheet for the first time in a long while. &ldquo;It was encouraging to see Keagan Dolly and Tokelo Rantie coming from their respective overseas clubs to add value. That is what makes this team interesting &ndash; we saw quality and potential. The players are ready to compete and that will see us achieve our target.&rdquo; Radebe hopes to see his school competition produce quality players capable of making it in the big leagues. The games will be played at Diepkloof Zone 4 Grounds on Friday starting at 9am. The final is scheduled for 3pm.Explained Radebe: &ldquo;I was impressed with some of the schools, but we are still lacking in terms of organisation. The tournament has created interest not only among schools, but also the communities that gather behind the youth. I started this in Diepkloof because this is where I grew up and started playing football &ndash; on the same fields where the tournament will be played. &ldquo;We will invite scouts. One of my visions is to see youngsters invited for trials with National First Division or Premier Soccer League teams.&rdquo;Radebe hopes the second year of competition will help youth succeed academically. &ldquo;This will hopefully also create a platform for kids to study abroad or at Wits University thanks to football. It&rsquo;s part of my long term vision and something I would love to see happen in future. The Department of Education has come on board to make this tournament even better. The kids will also learn life values through sport. &ldquo;We want them to be safe, stay away from crime and bad habits such as smoking nyaope. We plan to introduce other sporting codes in future such as athletics in addition to netball and soccer.&rdquo;