Society sets beauty standards which become the ideals women strive to meet. Almost every society is obsessed with the idea that a woman&rsquo;s physical attractiveness is her most important asset.&nbsp; That is why industries such as hair, make up and fitness are multi-billion dollar industries because women spend a lot of time and money to try and reach the beauty standard.&nbsp; But the qualities that make a woman &ldquo;beautiful&rdquo; differ from society to society. In fact, the one thing that is constant in the endless obsession with feminine beauty is that the standards are ever changing.&nbsp; According to greatest.com, throughout history the beauty standard has changed almost every decade. &nbsp; So what is the beauty standard for women today? And if you&rsquo;re a woman, do you fit the criteria of that beauty standard? And should even worry about it if you don&rsquo;t? I asked the SunFamily for its opinion on Facebook, and everyone had the same view.&nbsp; According to our SunReaders, today&rsquo;s beauty standard for South African women is having a big bum and being a yellow bone (light coloured skin).&nbsp; Some women who fall short of beauty standards try all sorts of measures to achieve it. If you&rsquo;re not naturally yellow bone, some use skin lightening creams and medication to lighten their pigmentation. Or if you don&rsquo;t naturally have a big bum, some women exercise their glutes (bum muscles) so they become bigger, or enhance their figures by wearing butt pads. But our bodies and features are genetically passed down to us. If most of your family is dark skinned, you probably will be too. If a family is mostly tall, a child from that family will probably be tall too.&nbsp; The punchline is: if a big bum is in your family, chances are you too will have a big bum.&nbsp; So if beauty standards are unachievable to you, why even try? Be happy and content with the body you have. Besides which, given the ever-changing nature of &ldquo;beauty&rdquo;, sooner or later your body features are going to be the in thing.