THESE are exciting times for Mzansi athletics!&nbsp;The big name athletes such as Wayde &ldquo;dreamer&rdquo; Van Niekerk, Caster Semenya, Luvo Manyonga and Akani Simbine, have fired their warning shots ahead of the IAAF World championships in London, August. For the first time in years South Africans have every reason to be optimistic about the team&rsquo;s performance in London. &nbsp;The biggest event on the athletics calendar will take place on 4-13 August in the capital city of England. All eyes will be on South Africa to see how they will perform on the world stage.SA is expected deliver more than seven medals at the London showpiece.&nbsp;Van Niekerk, who is fresh from breaking the SA 200m record in Jamaica last week, is doing the double in the 200m and 400m at the world champs.The 400m world record holder with 43.03 seconds, set a new 200m record when he ran 19.84 sec to better Anaso Jobodwana&rsquo;s time of 19.87 that he set at the 2015 world champs in Beijing, China in 2015. &nbsp;Van Niekerk is the overwhelming favourite to bag two gold medals in his two events.&nbsp;The two times SA sports star of the year winner is currently camping abroad to prepare for the World champs. Van Niekerk and Simbine held a training camp with world and Jamaican super star Usain Bolt in Kingston. &nbsp;Van Niekerk &nbsp;is the defending champion in the 400m and he made it clear that he is hoping to become a back-to-back world champion. Simbine, the SA 100m champion is also doing the double in the 100m and 200m and he too is expected to secure a podium finish. Golden girl Semenya, who has already won two Diamond League series races abroad last month, is also a firm favourite in the women&rsquo;s 800m. Semenya won the world title in 2009 in Berlin, German and few will bet against her reclaiming her world title. &nbsp;Lanky long jumper Manyonga leaped to an impressive 8.62m at the Diamond league in the Netherlands at the weekend. He was three metres shy of his African record he set in March. Mayonga, who bagged a silver medal at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro in 2016, is on top of his game. Javelin queen and Olympic silver medallist Sunette Viljoen is also tipped to win a medal. &nbsp;Other hopefuls are Rushwal Samaai (long jump), Khotso Mokoena (long jump), Anaso Jobodwana (200m), Carina Horn (100m).&nbsp;