A KNYSNA resident desperate to save his home from fast-approaching flames stopped a suspected burglar from entering and possibly looting it and offered the man money to help him fight the fire. The attempted burglar, who wanted a bicycle or a television, had to put up with more than he had bargained for. Home owner Kallie Esterhuizen and the man ended up fighting the fire together and they managed to prevent flames from spreading to the house. Esterhuizen said that last Wednesday evening as he was in his house doing work, he heard a loud commotion and screaming. When he went to investigate he saw that a raging fire had surrounded and was nearing his neighbourhood and house. &ldquo;The flames were everywhere. They shot up at a hell of a speed,&rdquo; said Esterhuizen. He had not heard calls to evacuate the area and kept wetting the bushes near his house as well as the roof and the side of the house where the flames were closest. &ldquo;Then I got overwhelmed by the heat and the flames were on the house.&rdquo; He grabbed his cat and laptop, jumped into his car and sped down a hill through flames and smoke. After composing himself and regaining his energy, Esterhuizen went back to battle the blaze. With his house still intact, he jumped out of the car, grabbed a hosepipe and continued fighting the fire. A man then came running down the driveway and tried going through the front door of Esterhuizen&rsquo;s home. Hosepipe in hand, fighting the fire, he turned and shouted at the man: &ldquo;Hey what are you doing?&rdquo; &ldquo;He looked at me and said he wanted a bicycle.&rdquo; Esterhuizen told the man he did not have a bicycle and said he should help him fight the fire. They were both suffering from the heat of the intense flames. &ldquo;Come and help me,&rdquo; Esterhuizen pleaded. The would-be burglar, who had a bag full of items he might have looted from other houses, then demanded that Esterhuizen give him his TV. &ldquo;Forget the TV and bicycle; I will give you R1 000,&rdquo; Esterhuizen replied. He and the would-be burglar then ended up fighting the blaze together, even on the side of the house that was too hot for Esterhuizen to handle. He said he became friends with the man in a moment while the two of them were fighting the fire, battered and blistered from the heat and chests heaving from the smoke. &ldquo;As the fire subsided his nose was bleeding, his eyes were swollen shut, so I put him in the car with me and we went to town. I felt very sorry for him, he took a lot of heat.&rdquo; Esterhuizen paid the man and also gave him a pair of shoes as he said his feet were burning. He was grateful for the man&rsquo;s help and said it was their joint effort that prevented his house from catching fire.