THE SANDF was placed on standby yesterday as a massive storm battered Western Cape, adding to chaos as wildfires spread in the south and triggering evacuations and causing at least eight deaths. Five people were confirmed dead by noon as the storm caused havoc across the province, and in Rheenendal another three members of a family died in a fire. Earlier, a family of four died on a farm in Drakenstein due to a fire caused by lightning and another person died in Lavender Hill when the storm caused a building to collapse. The Eden District Municipality said a farm worker, his wife and their son died in a fire in Rheenendal. Fires were spreading in the area and threatening Belvedere while spreading towards Brenton on Sea, the municipality's statement said. Three Working on Fire teams had been dispatched to Knysna. Western Cape provincial local government spokesperson James-Brent Styan said officials were extremely concerned, especially about coastal areas. "We are not expecting more rain. We are, however, expecting more snow and stronger winds," said Styan. "The sea swells will be like nothing this province has ever seen." The full extent of the storm was expected to be felt between 2pm and 3pm. "We are asking people to please stay inside. Please do not go and take selfies at the promenade," Styan said. He said one SANDF Oryx aircraft had been activated to evacuate people should the need arise. Authorities were extremely concerned about wildfires along the Garden Route as a large&nbsp; "We have had schools damaged all across the province, roof collapses and trees falling over&hellip; just imagine the amount of injuries we would have had if schools remained open," Styan said. All Western Cape Schools will, however, be open today as local authorities expected storm conditions to abate early in the morning. On the West Coast about 45 buildings collapsed and the roofs of 13 buildings were blown off. Thirty structures were damaged and residents from 37 homes displaced in Cape Winelands district municipality. Eighty-nine informal settlements were issued sandbags in the area. Fifteen people were evacuated in an informal settlement in Malmesbury, Styan said. In Botriver six families were displaced from damaged homes. Residents of Paarl and Somerset West have been informed about possible flooding in the area.