According to Wikipedia records, there are 120 professional footballers who died while playing a game or directly from injuries sustained while playing, or died after being taken ill on the pitch. The first recorded death was on January 13, 1889, of William Cropper (26), an English footballer who played for Staveley FC. He suffered a ruptured bowel in a match against Grimsby Town which led to his death the next day.The latest death happened yesterday and is that of former Newcastle midfielder Cheick Tiote, who collapsed on Monday at practice and passed away. He was just 30 years old. The Ivory Coast international moved to China just a few months ago and had been playing for Beijing Enterprises. He was taken to hospital where he later passed away.&nbsp;Here are some of the players who died in the last two years:May 1, &nbsp;2016, Stefan Petrovski (18). Melaka United. The Australian goalkeeper was struck by lightning while training on April 5, in Malaysia. He died in hospital.May 6, 2016, &nbsp;Patrick Ekeng (26), Dinamo Bucure?ti. The Cameroonian professional footballer collapsed in a match against FC Viitorul Constan?a seven minutes after he came on from the bench and was taken to hospital, where he died less than two hours later. &nbsp;He played as a defensive midfielder. He had two international caps for his country's national team, which he represented at the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations.&nbsp;May 7, 2016, Bernardo Ribeiro (26). Friburguense FC. Brazilian footballer for Friburguense collapsed during a friendly match before being taken to a hospital, where he died of a suspected heart attack.May 9, 2016, (26). Femina Stars Ebolowa, Cameroon national team Cameroonian goolkeeper, collapsed during her warm-up before a match in Cameroon. She died of a suspected heart attack.August 15, 2016, Michael Umanika (20),&nbsp; Zagatala. Nigerian midfielder for Zagatala PFK collapsed during a team training session in Zagatala. He died of a suspected heart attack.September 11, 2016, Former&nbsp;Burkina Faso&nbsp;international&nbsp; Ben Idrissa Derm&eacute;&nbsp; (34), AJ Biguglia. Died of a heart attack during a French cup match. April 26, 2017. &nbsp;Mo&iuml;se Brou Apanga (35),&nbsp; FC 105 Libreville. Ivorian-born Gabonese defender for FC 105 Libreville died after suffering a heart attack during team training.April 28, 2017, &nbsp;Gofaone Tiro (26), Township Rollers. Motswana winger; collapsed of a heart attack during team training session and was pronounced dead upon arrival at hospital.&nbsp;