SUPERSPORT United&rsquo;s outgoing coach, Stuart Baxter and his assistant, Kaitano Tembo, have hatched a plan to sink DR Congo giants TP Mazembe. Matsatsantsa a Pitori host the Caf Confederation Cup champions at the Lucas Moripe Stadium tonight (7pm) in a crunch Group D encounter. SuperSport go into the match with an added psychological advantage of having held the much feared DR Congo outfit 2-2 in Lubumbashi earlier this month after trailing 2-0. Baxter, who is now the new Bafana Bafana head coach, will help Tembo and his players to try and reach the quarterfinals of the competition. Baxter will be in charge of the team for the last time when they play Orlando Pirates in the Nedbank Cup at the Moses Mabhida Stadium on Saturday. However, Tembo was mum on how they planned to get the better of the highly rated Mazembe. Said Tembo: &ldquo;It has always been standard, since coach Stuart arrived, our planning has been the same. &ldquo;He is a very professional man, I have learned a lot from him. Our day to day planning, we do it together. I know what should be done and he has set a structure which has been easy for me to follow. It&rsquo;s not really a problem whether he is there or not because we always know what to do.&rdquo;Tembo has emphasised the importance of winning at home to ease up pressure in the competition. However, he said he realised the tough task ahead with the defending champions, and called for a cool head from his charges.&ldquo;It&rsquo;s important that we go out to get a result, preferably a win so that we can get closer to qualifying for the quarterfinals. I think we will be calmer than when we were the first time we played them away,&rdquo; he said. Should Matsatsantsa qualify for the next round of the competition, former Orlando Pirates coach Eric Tinkler will lead the team for the rest of the competition. Tinkler&rsquo;s continental experience with Bucs will come in handy for the Tshwane side. However SuperSport keeper Ronwen Williams reckoned it would be a new experience for the former Bafana star. Said Williams: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s a different challenge, different to when he was at Pirates. It&rsquo;s a different squad but hopefully his experience can rub off on us. Hopefully we can go all the way. This is a perfect opportunity for him to start his legacy at the club.&rdquo;