EYEWITNESS accounts by pupils, journalists at the scene and police reports all try to give a clear picture of what exactly happened on June 16, 1976. ) 7am: I t started as an ordinary school day. Most pupils who later took part in the march knew nothing about it that morning.The leaders of the original march from Naledi and Morris Isaacson high schools planned to have the students meet at a central point to proceed peacefully to Orlando Stadium. ) 7.30am: Students from the two schools set off after being addressed by the Soweto Students Representative Council&rsquo;s action committee.As they passed other schools, more pupils joined in. In the end, there were 11 rows of students marching to the stadium. Minor clashes with police had happened by then as cops tried to block kids from other schools, but many later joined and the group grew to about 10 000. ) 9am: The council&rsquo;s Tietsi Mashinini climbed onto a tractor and addressed the crowd, appealing for calm as he warned the students that police were coming.It was a tense moment. Police reports said the situation was explosive and they retreated to wait for reinforcements. ) 9.30am: The students marched until they got to what is now Hector Pieterson Square near Orlando High School. There they came to a stop again. As a cop tossed a teargas cannister at them, the crowd retreated a little but remained facing the police, waving placards and singing. Journalists said they saw a policeman draw his revolver and then heard a shot go off. There was a split second&rsquo;s silence and then chaos broke out. Children screamed. More shots were fired. At least four students fell down and others ran screaming in all directions. Students fled. Anger at the killings inspired retaliation. Government buildings and vehicles were set on fire and an official was pulled out of his car and beaten to death. Bottle-stores were burned and looted. There were more face-offs with cops and even more students were killed. As schools closed, more students joined in the protests nearest to them. ) 9pm: Fires continued blazing into the night. By now, armoured police cars had moved in. The official figures said 23 people had been killed, but some reports estimated it to be at least 200 .