The Businesswomen&rsquo;s Association of South Africa (BWASA) has announced the names of the 13 women who have made it through to the final round of the 37th annual Businesswoman of the Year Awards. The awards recognise South African women who excel in various sectors of the economy and lead with integrity and humility.&nbsp;BWASA National President, Farzanah Mall, says the winners will be announced at a gala event at the Sandton Convention Centre on 7 September. &ldquo;The theme for this year&rsquo;s event is Women with no filter- Celebrating leaders who honour themselves and others. It is important for us to celebrate leaders who lead with integrity, truth, excellence and wisdom and who can acknowledge their successes as well as their development areas.We chose this theme because in South Africa and globally, we have a geo-political and economic&nbsp; recession resulting from a shortage of great leaders. We require leaders who do not focus on purely personal wealth creation but rather focus on being the best they can be, utilising their knowledge, capabilities and experience to impact not only their businesses but equally their family, community and country.&rdquo;She adds that the calibre of finalists this year is phenomenal. &ldquo;It is exciting to celebrate and acknowledge these incredible leaders, especially given the tough economic climate they&rsquo;re operating in. They represent the qualities we hope to see in current and future leaders in our country.&rdquo;The guest speaker at this year&rsquo;s announcement event is the extraordinary Ashenafi Meaza, who worked as a judge and later as a researcher for the Ethiopian Constitution Commission, which was responsible for drafting its 1995 Constitution.&ldquo;In conjunction with a group of female lawyers, Ashenafi established the Ethiopian Women Lawyers Association and served the Association as its first executive director. Later, she completed an MA in the United States and joined the United Nations. She is also one of the Founders of Enat Bank (a women-focused bank) and has served as the Founding Chair of the Bank's Board since 2014&rdquo;, adds Mall.Sasol is once again the headline sponsor of the Businesswoman of the Year Awards. &ldquo;This year&rsquo;s theme could not be more relevant than it is today. We are celebrating women who are bold, they are brave and they believe in themselves and in those they lead. Sasol is proud to be associated with the Businesswomen&rsquo;s Association as a powerful catalyst for women empowerment in South Africa,&rdquo; said Wrenelle Stander, Senior Vice President, Sasol Limited.Finalists in the Corporate, Entrepreneurship, Social Entrepreneurship and Education categories include: &nbsp;&nbsp;CORPORATE: Faith Khanyile, Nompumelelo (Mpumi) Madisa, Michelle Williams-Swartz, Taryn Woodbridge&nbsp; ENTREPRENEURSHIP: Barbara Farrell, Susan Rose Hadcroft, Johanna Mukoki,&nbsp; SOCIAL ENTREPRENEURSHIP: Alison Smeeton, Dr Shaheda Bibi Omar, Sue Wildish&nbsp; EDUCATION: Prof Cheryl de la Rey, Associate Prof Katijah Khoza-Shangase, Associate Prof Mzikazi Nduna