TOMORROW would have been Popi&rsquo;s 24th birthday but she is dead &ndash; the victim of heartless killers.&nbsp; Her family is dealing with the tragedy and hoping to find justice.&nbsp; INSTEAD OF CELEBRATING A BIRTHDAY, THEY WILL BE IN COURT, ATTENDING A BAIL HEARING. Singer Thembelihle Qwabe, or Qwabekazi, as she is known, told Daily Sun they want justice for her sister, Popi Qwabe and her best friend, Bongeka Phungula (28), who were murdered in Soweto last month.&ldquo;The suspects were arrested a week after the deaths. Thursday would have been Popi&rsquo;s birthday and my mother and I have to attend the bail hearing,&rdquo; she said.&ldquo;What I know is my sister and her friend did not have to die.&rdquo;She said they are planning a march to oppose bail on Thursday at 9am at Protea Magistrates Court, two hours before the court appearance. &ldquo;We need men and women to support us,&rdquo; she said. On Saturday, the day they disappeared, Popi and Bongeka were going to the News Cafe in Maponya Mall, Soweto. Qwabekazi said she had been communicating with them all day but they disappeared at about 7.30pm. &ldquo;On Sunday evening our mum phoned to tell us Popi hadn&rsquo;t phoned to wish her a happy Mother&rsquo;s Day.&rdquo; She said they decided to search for them. &ldquo;Our worst nightmare came true when we found out how they died.&rdquo;Popi&rsquo;s body was found in Naledi and Bongeka in Tladi. They were victims of the thugs driving a Quantum who have raped, assaulted and killed women over the past few months. Popi had just graduated with a diploma in dramatic arts and was pursuing her acting career. Qwabekazi said the system had failed them.&ldquo;There is barely any communication from the SAPS. We have to go from one police station to the next trying to find answers and inquiring about the progress of the case.&rdquo; She said her mother was already going through the most terrible time of her life and did not need to be ignored by the law as well. &ldquo;We need answers and justice, not only for my sister and best friend but also for all the girls whose lives have been taken away from them.&rdquo; Police spokesman Captain Mpande Khoza said the suspects would appear in court tomorrow at the Protea Magistrates Court in Soweto. He said the investigating officer was in touch with the families. Bongeka&rsquo;s parents died while she was young and she is survived by her pensioner gogo and a 13-year-old daughter. She quit her job in Durban earlier this year to move to Joburg to pursue acting. Businessman Calvin Mothibeli stepped in to provide the funds to give Bongeka a dignified funeral.