BAROKA FC chairman Khurishi Mphahlele has confessed that they have learned harsh lessons in the PSL and do not plan to fall into the same trap again next season &ndash; should they retain their top flight status.Mathematically Baroka look set to remain in the PSL but they will have to rely on the result of tonight&rsquo;s match between Black Leopards and Stellenbosch FC. A draw or victory for the Stellies would confirm Baroka&rsquo;s place in the PSL next season.In the meantime Mphahlele has already started planning for next season and has vowed to retain the majority of the players and technical staff members.Punch Masenamela is one of the players who will be retained by the club on a two-year contract, along with 33-year-old Letladi Madubanya, who has been a pillar of strength in their defensive line.The 30-year-old Masenamela from Senwabarwana expressed his excitement yesterday: &ldquo;This is one team I am proud to play for. I am playing at home so I am fired up for next season. I will use my experience to help Baroka reach greater heights.&rdquo;Mphahlele added that they would not be releasing goalkeeper Oscarine Masuluke, as he sees the shot-stopper as the future of the club and &ldquo;Bafana Bafana material in future&rdquo;.Said the Baroka boss: &ldquo;You can quote me again in five years&rsquo; time when Masuluke is playing for Bafana, trust me.&ldquo;We need consistency at the club following a nerve-wrecking season in the PSL where we were nearly relegated outright. It is just through Almighty God that we still survive. I have to thank and show appreciation to our churches and bishop.&rdquo;He has also thrown his weight behind goalkeeper coach Greg Etafia, who joined them at the end of last month and &ldquo;has helped Masuluke concede fewer goals&rdquo;.Said the Limpopo businessman: &ldquo;We have to be serious about this club, as it belongs to people of the province &ndash; and not only those from Ga-Mphahlele.&ldquo;We have grown. We were very naive to think we could jump to the PSL and win the league. We thought we could pull off the same feat we achieved in the NFD, but that backfired big time. &ldquo;We ended up on the tail-end of matters for the better part of the season. We need to make adjustments to the team to do better next season.&rdquo;Baroka need a centre-back to cover for Mzwanele Mahashe, while the left-back position is also a concern for the chairman. They could do with the services of an additional goalkeeper and an experienced striker too.Stellenbosch host Black Leopards at Athlone Stadium in the play-offs tonight at 7.30pm.