VIOLENCE against Uber vehicles seems to be escalating in Tshwane.While one vehicle was set alight in Loftus Stadium last weekend, the other one suffered the same fate last Wednesday Meter taxis drivers are not happy with the new sources of transport that seem to be gaining momentum in the country. Now Uber drivers are living in in fear for their lives. Every weekend there are reports of attacks on vehicles and drivers in Tshwane by metered taxi drivers who've accused Uber drivers &nbsp;of competing in the market unfairly. A dramatic footage has emerged of a car on fire while reversing down the road in Sunnyside last Wednesday. The video shows an Uber vehicle on fire, with police on the scene.&nbsp; It shows a police van and other vehicles moving out of the path of the careering vehicle. Police Colonel Lungelo Dlamini said two Uber drivers were assaulted by unknown suspects fortunately they did not sustain any burn wounds. "One of the drivers was immediately taken to hospital. Police are searching for the suspects. A case of malicious damage to property and assault," he said. Last weekend, another Uber driver was attacked near Loftus Stadium in Hatfield. Uber Africa spokeswoman Samantha Allenberg, said they are devastated by the brutal attacks on their drivers. &nbsp;&ldquo;One of our driver-partners was in Tshwane near the stadium when he was attacked by a small group of unknown individuals.&rdquo;&nbsp; &ldquo;His car was set alight while he was in the vehicle, leading to him sustaining serious burnt injuries. He is currently in hospital in a critical condition,&rdquo; she said &nbsp;She said this sort of violence was completely unacceptable, unlawful and needed to stop.&nbsp; &ldquo;These incidents are deeply upsetting to all of us. These drivers are a part of our community,&rdquo; she said.She said they will work with the law enforcement officials to fully support their investigations. Metered taxi drivers accused Uber rates of putting them out of business. Metered Taxi Association&rsquo;s spokesman, Fred Skhosana, said one of their drivers was also attacked in Brooklyn last week. &ldquo;This thing goes on and on because drivers from both parties are now attacking each other,&rdquo; he said.