BAFANA Bafana head coach Stuart Baxter is creating a bigger pool for the upcoming Cosafa Cup, African Nations Championship (Chan) and World Cup qualifying tournaments this year.Baxter was disappointed after his charges were beaten 2-1 in a friendly by a weakened Zambian side at the Moruleng Stadium on Tuesday.He stressed: &ldquo;We want to win every game. But the loss to Zambia is not a train smash. I changed the entire side from the XI that started against Nigeria, as friendlies are for development. &ldquo;I&rsquo;m a lot wiser after the first week in camp and the fact that I was able to give all 25 players game-time during the two matches was a goal we achieved. It gave me a chance to look at everyone in camp.&rdquo;Baxter created history when Bafana scored a stunning 2-0 win over Nigeria in their opening 2019 Afcon qualifier in Uyo last Saturday. It was the first time Bafana had beaten Nigeria in a competitive fixture.But fatigue from a long hard season crept in during the second half against Zambia. Bafana led 1-0 at the break, only to concede two second half goals.The travelling was also a killer. Bafana arrived back in Joburg from Uyo on Monday morning and had to travel to Rustenburg.However, Baxter refused to use that as an excuse: &ldquo;I spoke to the players about our tactics after the loss. We need to hold on to a lead and build on it. We went to sleep and took our foot off the accelerator in the second half. It could be the players were mentally tired. But that&rsquo;s no excuse.&rdquo;Baxter said he would be using the bulk of the SA Under-20 squad that played in the recent Fifa World Youth Cup in South Korea in the Cosafa Cup in Rustenburg. Bafana are seeded and play their first match against the Group A winners on 2 July.Added Baxter: &ldquo;I will try and get some experienced overseas based players to balance the squad. But as this is an off-season tournament it won&rsquo;t be easy. At the same time I don&rsquo;t want to give away Bafana caps.&rdquo;He also said he hoped to use the majority of players who lost to Zambia in the Chan event. Bafana play Botswana away in the two-legged first round qualifier. The first leg is in Gaborone on 14 July.But this is also an off-season event and Baxter could find resistance from PSL clubs, as the Botswana games are in the middle of pre-season training.He is confident that by the time they play Cape Verde in September in back-to-back World Cup qualifiers he will be in a stronger position.Bafana are second in Group D with four points, behind Burkisa Faso on goal difference.