NEW Bafana Bafana head coach Stuart Baxter seems on track to succeed where others have failed &ndash; by successfully implementing a proper development programme. Baxter, the former SuperSport United mentor, said yesterday that he would field a youthful side balanced with experience in the Cosafa Cup, which kicked off at the weekend. He has included 11 players who have played at SA Under-20 or Under-23 level.Bafana, the defending champions, are also one of the seeded sides and play the winner of Group A in the quarterfinals of the Southern Africa championship at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium on Sunday (5pm).Baxter is looking forward to his new challenge after leading Matsatsantsa a Pitori to a historic Nedbank Cup triumph. SuperSport became the first club to retain the Nedbank Cup when they thumped Orlando Pirates 4-1 in Saturday&rsquo;s final in Durban.Said Baxter: &ldquo;This is a new chapter for me. I&rsquo;m looking forward to guiding Bafana. I will use the Cosafa Cup and Chan (Africa Nations Championship) as development by giving young players international experience. &ldquo;I plan to use basically the same squad for both tournaments. But I won&rsquo;t throw young players to the wolves. I have also managed to get a couple of solid experienced players to balance the squad.&rdquo;Bafana play Botswana in a Chan qualifier next month.Baxter had to release Mandla Masango and Lebogang Phiri. Masango, the SuperSport winger, has been recalled by his parent club Randers FC of Denmark after his loan spell with United ended.Phiri joined French side EA Guingamp in the off-season. Explained Baxter: &ldquo;Phiri&rsquo;s new French club wants to assess him in pre-season and I have to agree that it is in his best interests to go.&rdquo;Phiri is replaced by Maritzburg United&rsquo;s Mohau Mokate while Stellenbosch FC&rsquo;s Jamie Webber comes in for Masango.Baxter said PSL clubs had been very co-operative in releasing players, especially Kaizer Chiefs and Cape Town City. He said only Randers had proven difficult.Chiefs released their star central defender Lorenzo Gordinho, while new Citizens coach Benni McCarthy released both Aubrey Ngoma and Judas Moseamedi.Said Baxter: &ldquo;Chiefs (manager) Bobby Motaung and Benni were brilliant. And even clubs who could not release players were very helpful. I&rsquo;m delighted with the response of all the clubs I have spoken to. It&rsquo;s not easy getting players released for Cosafa and Chan, as both fall outside the Fifa calendar.&rdquo;Baxter is also keen to have a look at Greece based midfielder Lehlogonolo &ldquo;Vieira&rdquo; Masalesa: &ldquo;I watched him when he played at Orlando Pirates and he is a big midfielder like Bongani Zungu. We don&rsquo;t have too many such well-built midfielders, so he will get a chance.&rdquo;He said the more experienced players such as Gordinho, Ngoma, Masalesa, Mario Booysen and Moseamedi would help guide the youngsters.