SHE HAD a choice . . . she could jump from the taxi or face stones and spanners. The gogo decided to jump! She fell heavily, but got to her feet and ran again. SHE WAS ANOTHER INNOCENT VICTIM OF THE ESCALATING TAXI WARS According to a 31-year-old witness who works in Klipspruit Valley, Orlando, Soweto, the gogo and other passengers ran for their lives when the taxi they were travelling in was stoned and smashed. This was allegedly done by members of a rival taxi association.&ldquo;From a distance, the taxi&rsquo;s windshield and the side windows looked as if they had been riddled with bullets, but the taxi was actually stoned. Some people used spanners to smash the windows of the taxi,&rdquo; said the witness. He said another taxi made a U-turn and nearly drove into the bush while fleeing from the attackers.The police arrived and dispersed the people with rubber bullets.The chaos started because of a dispute over a taxi route between the Witwatersrand African Taxi Owners Association and the Joburg Taxi Association, known as WATA/JTA, on the one hand and the Nancefield Dube West Taxi Association, known as Nanduwe, on the other.Nanduwe public relations officer Ziphathele Shezi told Daily Sun they were not the ones who were fighting.He said their drivers had been attacked and robbed since Monday night.&ldquo;The route is ours but WATA/JTA want to take it by force.&rdquo;He said over 35 taxis belonging to their association were damaged during the clashes. They have opened cases of malicious damage to property.WATA/JTA&rsquo;s George Maphala said their drivers were also attacked but they were waiting for police and government to intervene.Gauteng police spokesman Kay Makhubele said the association must take their dispute to the relevant authorities.&ldquo;Two people were arrested for possession of unlicenced firearms and for malicious damage to property. &ldquo;A number of incidents are being investigated. &ldquo;We are calling on those who might have information to come forward.&rdquo;He said there were no reports of casualties.