In a heartfelt post on Instagram over the weekend, Zoleka Mandela has shared a painful story of her drug abuse and the death of her daughter, Zenani.&ldquo;I gave birth to my best friend in 1997 at the age of 17, she was more of a mother to my son (Zwelami) than I ever was,&rdquo; she begins the post.Zoleka&rsquo;s daughter passed on in 2010 at the age of 13 after being hit by a drunk driver.This was two days after her birthday, which Zoleka had missed because of an &ldquo;attempted suicide as a result of a drug induced psychotic episode&rdquo; she said.&ldquo;I'm remembering all those times she cried and begged me to stay home, all those times I chose everything else - the men, the sex, the drugs and the alcohol over my own two children,&rdquo; she said.Zoleka made the post on Friday, which would&rsquo;ve been her daughter&rsquo;s 20th birthday.&ldquo;Today and everyday is a painful reminder of how I failed her as a mother for the 13yrs she was alive; how no matter how many times I was the cause of her tears, she always loved me more than I can ever love myself,&rdquo; she contined.Zoleka says the passing of her daughter saved her from the downward spiral of drug abuse and has made her a better parent to her son, Zwelami.&ldquo;Thank you, Zeni for making me the mother I am today! Happy birthday in Heaven, baby! Lala ngoxolo, mntanam',&rdquo; she ended the post.I gave birth to my best friend in 1997 at the age of 17, she was more of a mother to my son (Zwelami) than I ever was - I'm remembering all those times she cried and begged me to stay home, all those times I chose everything else - the men, the sex, the drugs and the alcohol over my own two children. In 2010, just two days after her 13th birthday that I missed being hospitalized for an attempted suicide as a result of a drug induced psychotic episode ... My daughter was tragically killed by a drunk driver ten days after I had tried to end my own life by setting my bedroom on fire with her and her brother in the next bedroom. Today, my oldest daughter turns 20. Today and everyday is a painful reminder of how I failed her as a mother for the 13yrs she was alive; how no matter how many times I was the cause of her tears, she always loved me more than I can ever love myself. As broken as I am after I inflicted so much hurt on her, I still feel her around me and in me - even though it hurts as much as it comforts me knowing that ... sometimes I just wish I could take her place. We can never start over again so I can always choose her and Zwelami, I don't even know if I'll ever get to hold her again because nothing I do or say ever brings her back to me ... even on days as gutting as this one is, I know that I can still honour my baby's memory with endless gratitude because had it not been for her passing, my drug addiction would have led to my own death and left my son motherless. Thank you, Zeni for making me the mother I am today! ?? Happy birthday in Heaven, baby! Lala ngoxolo, mntanam' ... #ZenaniMandela #MyBestFriend #MyDaughter #ZeniBeniWeni #BirthdayInHeaven #MyAncestor #MyGaurdianAngel #MyDaughterWithWings #MyPieceOfHeaven #MyFirstBornA post shared by Zoleka Mandela (@zolekamandela) on Jun 8, 2017 at 11:36pm PDT