SA FOOTBALL Association (Safa) vice-president Bennett Bailey has heaped praise on the Engen Knockout Challenge organisers and sponsors for developing talent.Bennett and fellow-VP Siyabulela Ponoane attended the Western Cape draw of this year&rsquo;s competition held earlier this week, where they mingled with club officials and players.Bailey said there was a lot of talent to be unearthed in the Western Cape and &ldquo;the Engen tournament finds the best in the townships, which are often overlooked in terms of talent scouting&rdquo;.The top 16 teams in the knockout round were drawn in groups of four. This stage of the knockout, which caters for Under-18 players, starts in Cape Town next Friday 30 June and runs until the finals at the Parow Sporting Complex on Sunday 2 July. Group 2 appears to be the group of death, featuring the likes of Ajax Cape Town, Milano United, Ikapa Sporting and Glendene United. Defending champions Old Mutual are in Group 3.Milano player Tyler Jansen (16) said being in a tough group could work in their favour: &ldquo;Our confidence will be bolstered beyond limits if we manage to make it through.&rdquo;His coach, Adrian Jansen, said qualifying for the last 16 stage was a mission: &ldquo;It was a tough journey considering we were playing in two tournaments. Some of our players took part in the Vodacom tournament. It has been tough but really exciting. We&rsquo;ll see what happens next week.&rdquo;Engen sponsorship manager Brad Bergh said the company had been involved in changing the lives of young people since 2003 &ldquo;and some are playing professional soccer now&rdquo;.He said: &ldquo;The Engen tournament is about giving a platform to young people to showcase their talents. Since it was launched it has changed the lives of several young people.&rdquo;Tournament director Imran Morgan says this year&rsquo;s tournament is the biggest so far with 161 teams in the preliminary rounds.He added that the winners of the tournament would play in Joburg: &ldquo;The winners will play against the champs of champs in Joburg and there will be prizes, including money, up for grabs. The tournament awards presentation will also be conducted there.&rdquo;Port Elizabeth&rsquo;s Knockout Challenge is up next at the Glenville Celtic Sports Complex in Gelvandale from 7-9 July, before Durban hosts the Challenge at the Moses Mabhida Stadium from 14-16 July. Bloemfontein&rsquo;s Grey College Sports Complex gets a turn from 28-30 July and then the Joburg event will bring down the curtain on the 2017 competition at Marks Park from 4-6 August.