THIS weekend promises to be a difficult one for the two Mzansi clubs playing in the Caf Confederation Cup group stages, SuperSport United and Platinum Stars.SuperSport will be minus coach Stuart Baxter, who is wearing his new Bafana Bafana hat as he prepares for their 2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Nigeria in Uyo on 10 June.Matsatsantsa a Pitori travel to Lubumbashi to play DR Congo giants TP Mazembe in a Group D clash on Sunday (2.30pm).SA&rsquo;s other Confed Cup contenders, Dikwena, visit Tunisian outfit Sfaxien in Sfax also on Sunday (11pm).SuperSport are confident after recording a 5-3 win over Gabon outfit CF Mounana in Libreville ahead of their clash with one of Africa&rsquo;s most feared sides.Mazembe have quite a history with SA clubs, having lost to Orlando Pirates in the 2013 Champions League. After winning 1-0 at home Mazembe officials caused problems when their team lost 3-1 at Orlando Stadium in the return leg, which saw the club forced to apologise to Bucs for their behaviour. Mazembe have beaten reigning African champions Mamelodi Sundowns in both the Champions League and Confed Cup. However, the 2016 Confed Cup champions lost 1-0 to Downs in the Caf Super Cup earlier this year.Matsatsantsa skipper Dean Furnam said they were ready for the challenge: &ldquo;It will be a fantastic chance to test ourselves against the cup holders and one of the best teams in Africa in their backyard.&rdquo;He said the 5-3 away win over Mounana was a massive boost: &ldquo;We showed we can score goals. But we have a tendency to take our foot off the pedal when we are in control. We allowed Mounana back into the game and dropped two points at home when we drew 2-2 with Horoya in the first group match. We must show more focus.&rdquo;He said the back-to-back games against Mazembe would be vital: &ldquo;We need to go there, get a result and make sure we win at home later this month. We showed we can score away from home &ndash; the players are fired up and full of confidence. Our first goal is to qualify from the group. These two games against Mazembe will have a big say in deciding the group.&rdquo;The two top sides qualify for the quarterfinals. United leave the DRC today.Dikwena are bottom of Group B following a 1-1 home draw against MC Alger and a shock 4-2 away loss to rookies Mbabane Swallows. Another loss to Sfaxien, who have three points from a 1-0 home win over Swallows, will be the end of the road for Stars.