THE technological explosion has opened up many new vulnerabilities for today&rsquo;s parents. The popularity of smartphones, tablet and desktop computers, wi-fi and the internet has changed how education works for kids, both at school and outside . . .While these devices let you stay in contact with your children and their network of friends, it also introduces children to other dangers.Riaan Badenhorst, managing director at Kaspersky Lab Africa, said because some parents don&rsquo;t buy their children airtime or data to access internet, some use public Wi-Fi to chat to friends online.&ldquo;Without the right protection your child becomes vulnerable to cybercriminals &ndash; especially if they access public but unprotected Wi-Fi hotspots.&rdquo; He said open Wi-Fi generally does not have the needed security, which means cybercriminals can hack into your child&rsquo;s computer or mobile phone and steal their information, images and data. Criminals use public Wi-FI spaces as an easy means to gain your child&rsquo;s confidential information like passwords, pictures or even their instant messages. &ldquo;While being connected is part of our daily lives, as parents, we must remember that any Wi-Fi access point is like opening a window in any device connected to it.&rdquo; He gave parents tips that they can use to educate their kids about online safety: Use 3G cards to access the internet. If your child wants to connect to the public Wi-Fi, rather give them your 3G internet card to use. It already has the necessary protection in place. You can use public Wi-Fi but only if it&rsquo;s password protected; Install a virtual private network (VPN) on your child&rsquo;s device. VPNs provide a secure connection over the internet between your child and websites they connect to. This protects your child while they are connected to the internet as well as the content they can have access to; Rather ask your child not to play games through public Wi-Fi but encourage them to only play offline games; Install a reliable security system on all the devices that your children use and update the systems often; and teach your kids about Wi-Fi, and the differences and dangers between open access, public and private Wi-Fi. The more your child is aware of these differences, the more they will recognise problems.Keep up with current chat slang PAW or PRW &ndash; Parents are watchingPIR &ndash; Parents in roomPOS &ndash; Parent over shoulderP911 &ndash; Parent emergency(L)MIRL &ndash; (Let&rsquo;s) meet in real life