NO EXCUSES! Bafana Bafana are crippled by injuries ahead of Saturday&rsquo;s first 2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Nigeria in Uyo.But head coach Stuart Baxter will not be hiding behind the fact key midfield strongman Hlompho Kekana has been ruled out, while seven others are in the treatment room five days before the kick-off. To make matters worse Kekana&rsquo;s replacement, Tiyani Mabunda, is nursing an ankle injury and joins Lebohang Manyama, Andile Jali, Aubrey Ngoma Tokelo Rantie, Rivaldo Coetzee and Eric Mathoho on the injury list.Baxter lost Dutch based midfielder Kamohelo Mokotjo last week. He was replaced by Lebohang Phiri who joined French outfit Guingamp in the same week.Of the seven, Turkish based striker Rantie and central defender Coetzee are the worst off, says team doctor Thulani Ngwenya.Both Rantie and the Ajax Cape Town defender will undergo scans and Ngwenya is keeping his fingers crossed.&ldquo;I&rsquo;m hopeful most if not all players will be fit. But I&rsquo;ll be able to give a better answer after another assessment.&rdquo;Adding to Baxter&rsquo;s worries is the fact that his other defensive midfielder, Dean Furman, only joined camp last night along with keeper Ronwen Williams. Both played for SuperSport United in Sunday&rsquo;s 2-2 Caf Confederation Cup draw against TP Mazembe in DR Congo.Said Baxter: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s not ideal preparation. But there will be no excuses for us. We won&rsquo;t be fazed, injuries happen all the time. It&rsquo;s part of the game. No matter which players take the field against Nigeria they will give it their all. They are ready to do their country proud.&rdquo;Baxter who had his first training session with his players at FNB Stadium yesterday, stressed: &ldquo;We&rsquo;re not here to make up the numbers. We are the nightmare Nigeria don&rsquo;t want.&rdquo;The Super Eagles have been in camp for three weeks and are favourites to beat Bafana, who have never beaten them in a competitive game.But Baxter is optimistic: &ldquo;I&rsquo;ve watched Nigeria. They are very good offensively and defensively. They work hard and are on a long unbeaten run. But they have weakness and we will have to adapt.&rdquo;Baxter named Bidvest Wits defender Thulani &ldquo;Tyson&rdquo; Hlatshwayo as his captain and said he would not be rotating the captaincy.