NEDBANK Ke Yona Team Search coach Owen Da Gama has advised trialists to display their skills rather than showboating at the last of this year&rsquo;s try-outs at Rand Stadium on Saturday.More than 500 football hopefuls are expected to gather at the stadium in Joburg to try their luck and launch their careers the same way Aubrey Modiba, Ian Chikohwa, Luthando Sixhaso and Bongani Mbuli have done.The four players and many others have used the Ke Yona Team Search channel to forge their way into the National First Division and Absa Premiership.Da Gama, Ephraim &ldquo;Shakes&rdquo; Mashaba, Mike Mangena and Khabo Zondo will oversee the selection process. They will identify players with promising football skills and the hunger to make it, not merely those who can kick a ball and expect a contract.Da Gama said they would be strict in this last round of the trials, as they would be looking at experience, talent and skill, not just impressive dribbling abilities. He advised trialists to just play their normal game &ndash; &ldquo;don&rsquo;t be fancy&rdquo;. Said Da Gama: &ldquo;Unlike previous seasons, where we would get a good number of defenders or midfielders from one region and other positions elsewhere, we have been getting a good mix in every province. &ldquo;It has been fantastic so far. We want to see serious players, not those who will just dribble but forget to play.&rdquo;The former Bafana Bafana assistant coach said they would be hoping to get players in the right-back, left-back, left wing and striking positions. He added, however, that should they find better players for other positions, they would strengthen the team. After the trials on Saturday, the coaches will announce the names of 48 players who will go into bootcamp from 17 June. The squad will be trimmed down to 18 players after a second bootcamp. The final squad will face the winners of this season&rsquo;s Nedbank Cup final between Orlando Pirates and SuperSport United. The final is set for Moses Mabhida Stadium in Durban on 24 June. Da Gama emphasised that trialists must enjoy themselves: &ldquo;I don&rsquo;t know how many communities have been exposed to this competition. It&rsquo;s not only players on the field that get the exposure but many others too. &ldquo;The players get help from four coaches who will give them advice that they can share with other youngsters,&rdquo; added Da Gama.