STRIKER Dove Wome is set to make history when he plays for Orlando Pirates in Saturday&rsquo;s Nedbank Cup final against SuperSport United at Moses Mabhida Stadium (8.15pm). The Togo international will become the first player in the tournament&rsquo;s 10-year history to have played in successive Nedbank Cup finals for different teams.Wome helped Matsatsantsa a Pitori defeat the Buccaneers 3-2 in last year&rsquo;s season-ending showpiece.But this year the on-loan striker is itching to assist Bucs as they attempt to rescue their poor season by beating his parent club.Said Wome: &ldquo;It is an unusual situation. I still belong to SuperSport, as they loaned me to Pirates in January.&rdquo;One of Bucs&rsquo; biggest problems this season has been their powder-puff finish, which is why Wome was roped in.He has the inside track on his United teammates but said Bucs head coach Kjell Jonevret had not yet asked him for information. Said Wome: &ldquo;Our coach watches all the games and he has been studying SuperSport. I know each and every player at SuperSport and will give my input if asked.&rdquo;Wome, who turned 36 earlier this month, said he had no clue where he would play next season: &ldquo;I still belong to SuperSport. I have not spoken to them about whether they want me back or I will be staying with Pirates. I will have a discussion with them after the final.&rdquo;Although he is unsure whether Bucs will take up the option to buy him next season he is leaning towards staying at Pirates.He said: &ldquo;Pirates are bigger in Africa and if we win the cup, we will be playing in Africa again.&rdquo;The Ke Yona cup winner qualifies for the Caf Confederation Cup. Matsatsantsa are currently involved in the group stages of that competition, having drawn 0-0 at home against holders TP Mazembe in Atteridgeville in a Group D match on Tuesday. Meanwhile, left-back Marc van Heerden is hoping to get a chance to play in the final. He has struggled to cement his place in the starting lineup since joining from Chippa United this season.He is behind Thabo Matlaba in the pecking order.Said Van Heerden: &ldquo;I&rsquo;ve remained positive despite not getting much game-time. It is a new situation for me to have to fight for my place. But I&rsquo;m stronger and better for the experience.&ldquo;It&rsquo;s been a bad season for Pirates and winning the cup will give us back a bit of respect.&rdquo;