SOME Bafana Bafana players have raised their concerns with the scheduling of Tuesday&rsquo;s friendly games against Zambia.&nbsp;Last week Safa announced the friendly against Chipolopolo at Moruleng Stadium, outside Rustenburg &ndash; just a day after Bafana land from Nigeria.&nbsp;Bafana will only arrive in the country tomorrow morning having spent the most of the time travelling from Uyo to Lagos and finally Johannesburg, and head straight to Rustenburg.&nbsp;Zambia, who were also involved in an Afcon qualifier against Mozambique in their own backyard in Ndola, have a short trip to make to South Africa.Some players were rumbling and mumbling as the scheduling of the game means added time in camp. They feel the game is ill-timed and has no significance as most of them are in recess. &nbsp;Coach Stuart Baxter said he was not surprised by the players&rsquo; complains, hinting he, too, was not happy with the scheduling as he did not know about it.&nbsp;He said Safa told him that was how previous coaches preferred it and there was nothing he could do about it. He however said they would have to go honour the fixture as it was an obligation.&ldquo;I&rsquo;m also one of them because ideally we would have wanted it in the beginning but it&rsquo;s okay. We know the obligations and we just have to hang in there. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s not easy because we are landing on Monday morning and 24 hours later we are in playing a game. Whoever is going to represent the country in that game deserves a pat on the back. I wouldn&rsquo;t want it that way in a perfect world for many reasons.&rdquo;He said if the season was still on it would have created issues with clubs. &ldquo;You can imagine what the clubs would have said when we sent their players back and 48 hours later they are involved in a game. That&rsquo;s difficult to do relationships because scheduling is an issue, contact with clubs becomes an issue, confidence becomes an issue, and selling our ideas to the clubs won&rsquo;t be easy and the conversation will be another issue.&rdquo;Baxter already said he would ring the changes for this match with most of the youngsters expected to feature.&nbsp;He hinted he likes of Lorenzo Gordinho, Abbubaker Mobara and Percy Tau would get a full run.&ldquo;It is a chance to showcase the future of South African football and play youngsters and see what they can offer. Let&rsquo;s see what Mobara, Percy and Lorenzo can do together and bring some experience to help them along.&rdquo;He said the game was not a dead rubber but emphasised he would not pick the same team that played against Nigeria yesterday.&ldquo;Winning is important to me but is it important for the country if one player gets 100 caps and another is still on six?&rdquo; asked Baxter. &ldquo;I know I will take a stick if we lose but at least I&rsquo;d know I am going the right thing.&rdquo;He said the results of the Nigeria game would not have any influence on his team selection.&nbsp;He said it was important to have a buy in from all stakeholders and was in the process of selling his vision the clubs, coaches and all South Africans.&ldquo;People must know where we are coming from so they could understand our decisions. The important thing is we need to have everyone&rsquo;s buy in even if not everyone will agree with us.&rdquo;