POLICE MINISTER Fikile Mbalula told Daily Sun he is tired of burying women killed by their lovers. He is also tired of cops being killed by thugs. IF THE CROOKS ARE SHOOTING, POLICE MUST SHOOT TO KILL, HE SAID. Speaking during the ministerial imbizo in Botshabelo, Free State at Kaizer Sebothelo Stadium on Friday, Mbalula told residents they must smash the thugs. Mbalula said they were tired of burying women who are killed by the very men who should be defending them.Yesterday the minister said women should be protected.&ldquo;We as police should also protect women and fight the abuse against them,&rdquo; said the top cop.&ldquo;But men and society in general should protect and defend women.&rdquo;He said the first place abused women go to is the police station.&ldquo;That is their first defence and we must not let them down.&rdquo;Mbalula said no more police will be killed by criminals and if police are fired on, they should shoot to kill. &ldquo;Criminals are the first ones to open fire at the police. Our members come under attack all the time. They should do more than just defend themselves. They must shoot to kill the criminals.&rdquo;Botshabelo in Free State, where the minister was speaking on Friday, is one of the most notorious areas in the province as it has a number of violent groups operating in the area. He said the purpose of the imbizo was for residents and police to engage on how to fight the crime.&ldquo;People must smash the thugs. We have to work together with the teachers to fight gangsterism,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;Police are working very hard. We will catch those who don&rsquo;t want to work with us and who love money.&rdquo;He said when people are protesting and burning government property, they must be stopped because it was a crime.Mbalula also promised residents a new cop shop in Botshabelo before the end of the year. The imbizo was attended by the acting national police commissioner, Lieutenant-General Lesetja Mothiba, Free State Police, Roads and Transport MEC Sam Mashinini, Deputy Minister Bongani Mkongi, provincial commissioner Lieutenant-General Jacob Tsumane and others.