KAIZER Chiefs coach Steve Komphela feels that promises are easy to make. However, most important is to possess the drive, energy, desire and dedication to wake up every day and keep working extremely hard and try to deliver on expectations.Chiefs ended their 2016-17 season without winning any silverware, and this was the second season they finish without winning any title.The Glamour Boys last won a major trophy just before Stuart Baxter left the club in 2015. During the 2015-16 season Chiefs finished fifth on the log, with a whopping 25 points behind Mamelodi Sundowns who were the champions.But they also reached two cup finals which they both lost.&nbsp;It was Komphela's first season in charge, and a lot was expected in his second season incharge of the Amakhosi team.&nbsp; Komphela admits that they did not do well as the club failed to meet the fans expectations.He said: &ldquo;We didn&rsquo;t do well, failed to meet our objectives. However, when it comes to the game model &ndash; there was an improvement in the way we played. Not winning a single trophy was definitely not good.&rdquo;The former Maritzburg United mentor believes that their combination in defence was not up to standard, they conceded many goals and that was too much.He explained: &ldquo;Explanations can come across as excuses&rdquo;."I hope this time around, it doesn&rsquo;t. We were not consistent in our central pairing due to many reasons, injuries and suspensions. I am not happy at all with our defence. We allowed too many goals.&rdquo;In 30 league matches Chiefs scored 39 goals. Komphela says they needed a consistent goals corer but he believes Gustavo Paez will be the main next season.&ldquo;We needed a consistent goalscorer. A case in point is, for example, Siyabonga Nomvete who helped Moroka Swallows to the second spot with his 20 league goals in the 2011/2012 season."I think Paez can become our consistent goalscorer. He has shown that. He came in and scored five goals, even though he only joined us in February and didn&rsquo;t start too many games. "