BAFANA Bafana head coach Stuart Baxter is playing his cards close to his chest regarding his tactics ahead of Saturday&rsquo;s crunch 2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Nigeria in Uyo.The team leaves for Lagos, Nigeria, this afternoon before flying out to Uyo on Thursday. Baxter got down to serious work with his players at FNB Stadium yesterday but was cautious about spilling the beans on how he plans to beat the Super Eagles.&ldquo;I have done my homework,&rdquo; said Baxter. &ldquo;We know they have big defenders and top class players. But they will know they have been in a game after playing us.&rdquo;Portuguese based midfielder Bongani Zungu said he was happy to be back with Bafana after a successful first season with his club Vitoria Guimaraes.He said: &ldquo;If I get a chance I&rsquo;ll grab it with both hands. The competition is stiff, as there are many good midfielders in Bafana. But I hope to use my experience of playing in Portugal to help my country if I&rsquo;m selected.&rdquo;He said his game had improved since his move to Portugal from Mamelodi Sundowns: &ldquo;I&rsquo;m quicker and my decision-making is better. Playing in front of full stadiums in Portugal has boosted my confidence too.&rdquo;Baxter&rsquo;s new captain, Thulani &ldquo;Tyson&rdquo; Hlatshwayo, hinted that the coach plans to hit the Nigerians on the counter-attack. &ldquo;We are smaller and will use our speed on the counter, ensuring we don&rsquo;t give them space,&rdquo; he said.He said he was proud to be named captain and added: &ldquo;There are a lot of leaders in the team, the only difference I wear the armband. I have their backing.&rdquo;Hlatshwayo aims to lead by example and stressed: &ldquo;We will go to Uyo as soldiers. There is a positive, confident spirit in the camp. We will not be intimidated by them or their fans. We played them there in 2014 and they were lucky to get away with a 2-2- draw. We know they are arrogant but we&rsquo;re not afraid of them.&rdquo;More good news from Bafana is that all seven injured players, including key striker Tokelo Rantie and defender Rivaldo Coetzee, have passed late fitness tests.Said team doctor Thulani Ngwenya: &ldquo;There has been a big improvement in all the players and it&rsquo;s all systems go. All the injured players will be able to play.&rdquo;Super Eagles coach Gernot Rohr has left out Chelsea star wing-back Victor Moses but has included other English based stars such as Manchester City striker Kelechi Iheanacho, Arsenal&rsquo;s Alex Iwobo and the Leicester City duo of Ahmed Musa and Wilfrid Ngidi. All four will give Hlatshwayo and his defenders plenty of headaches if they are given room. Also included is Chippa United keeper Daniel Akpeyi.