CHILD Protection Week ended on a devastating note for the Bomela family when they discovered the body of their child, Minentle. Little Minentle Lekhatha (5) from Nomzamo, Strand, was found dead under a bridge on Sunday. Minentle, who was a grade R pupil at ACJ Phakade in Nomzamo, is the fourth child to be found murdered in as many weeks.Her gogo, Thelma Bomela, said Minentle used to greet her when she got back from work. She said: &ldquo;I get home at about 2pm and Minentle would run towards me to check whether I&rsquo;d brought anything for her. &ldquo;On Saturday that did not happen. &ldquo;After 30 minutes I panicked and went looking for her.&ldquo;When I could not find her I asked my neighbours to help me look for her,&rdquo; said gogo Thelma.The community spent the entire weekend looking for Minentle. On Sunday the family received a call telling them a body had been found under a bridge not far from the house. Minentle, who was last seen playing with her friends, was found covered in blood. Her dad, Siyaya Bomela, was overcome with shock and collapsed at the scene where his daughter was found.Minentle&rsquo;s mum, Thandiswe Lekhatha (23), was too grief-stricken to talk to the People&rsquo;s Paper. Councillor Simthembile Mfecane broke down at the scene.&ldquo;We see these things on TV but now it&rsquo;s happening in our community.&ldquo;This is a very difficult moment for the community of Strand. &ldquo;I still cannot believe it. We need to stop this now,&rdquo; said Mfecane.An 11-year-old claimed to have seen Minentle being dragged by an unknown woman towards the bridge. &ldquo;It is suspected the woman was not working alone,&rdquo; said the councillor.Police spokesman Captain Frederick van Wyk said Minentle was reported missing at about 8.30pm on Saturday. He said: &ldquo;The circumstances surrounding the death are still under investigation. &ldquo;A murder case has been opened and a post mortem will be conducted to determine the cause of death.&rdquo;Anyone with information is asked to contact CrimeStop on 08600 10111.