FROM providing apartments to senior positions in Gupta owned companies, leaked emails appear to show that the Guptas have&nbsp;always been available to help Duduzane Zuma with money and support.&nbsp;And it appears their investment has paid off handsomely.&nbsp; THE EMAILS SUGGEST DUDUZANE IS THE FULLY CAPTURED, WHOLLY OWNED SON OF THE GUPTAS. DUDUZANE, Jacob Zuma&rsquo;s jet-setting son, first connected with the Gupta family in 2005 just after his father had been fired by then SA president, Thabo Mbeki.Since then he has been prominent in Gupta companies and has often felt the benefit of a helping hand from the Guptas at his back. In 2015 for instance, he crashed his Porsche into the back of a taxi and killed Zimbabwean domestic worker Phumzile Dube. According to emails that have surfaced recently, the first person Duduzane called after the accident was the youngest Gupta brother, Rajesh Gupta. The inquest into the accident found President Jacob Zuma&rsquo;s son was negligent, but there were no further consequences. The #GuptaLeaks, an investigation by amaBhungane and Scorpio published in the Daily Maverick, suggest the Guptas took care of his every need, from paying for a Mauritian getaway for him and his then girlfriend in 2012, to funding his lavish multimillion-rand wedding to Shanice Stork at the luxurious Fairmont in Zimbali, KZN. They also apparently set him up in an R18&thinsp;million apartment in the Burj Khalifa in Dubai.&nbsp; The Guptas and their close friends knew some of his most sensitive secrets, with Gupta associate Ashu Chawla seemingly enjoying access to Duduzane&rsquo;s private gmail account, which shows his ex-girlfriend sending him suggestive pictures just a day after his new wife told him she was pregnant with their first child. In April 2015, emails show Duduzane had allegedly made another woman pregnant.&nbsp; Sunday Sun broke the story.&nbsp; Oakbay chief executive Nazeem Howa came to his defence. Acting on advice from Oakbay lawyer Gert van der Merwe, Duduzane settled on R3,5&thinsp;million maintenance for the child and his mother. The emails also show the Gupta connections paid for some R180 000 in arrears on municipal charges on his Saxonwold house near the Gupta compound. According to reports, Duduzane and his father were used to influence decision-making. On 29 June 2015 at 10.54 Duduzane received a forwarded email from a little-known Free State official, Richard Seleke, who wrote: &ldquo;Evening sir, please find attached my CV and supporting documents. Regards, Richard.&rdquo; A few months later Seleke was appointed to the post of director-general in the national department of public enterprises, which has oversight of SAA, Eskom, Transnet and other strategic state-owned companies. The same pattern emerged with the appointment of Mosebenzi Zwane as Minister of Mineral Resources. Zuma appointed Zwane on September 23, 2015 after the incumbent minister, Ngoako Ramatlhodi, became an obstacle to the Gupta campaign to buy the Optimum coal mine. Ramatlhodi recently revealed that Duduzane had tried to get him to meet the Guptas, but he resisted their advances. The Zuma name is clearly used to open doors, especially with officials. When the Guptas had an issue with the water licence at their Vierfontein mine, Duduzane wrote to Anil Singh at the department of water affairs. Singh wrote back almost immediately: &ldquo;Hi Dudu. My team shall attend urgently and revert asap.&rdquo; Van der Merwe, the Gupta family&rsquo;s lawyer, confirmed to Daily Sun yesterday he has seen the emails, but said: &ldquo;Until it becomes a legal issue, I will not be able to comment.&rdquo; Van der Merwe said he had instructed the Guptas to issue a press statement responding to allegations.&nbsp; Duduzane has not responded to the media either by text message or telephone.