THE SA Football Association (Safa) wants the FNB Stadium back!So says Safa president Danny Jordaan, stating that the association wants to have a conversation with the government regarding the ownership of the stadium regarded as the Mecca of SA football. The government, through the Department of Sport and Recreation, recently announced an interest to acquire the stadium and discontinue the private management of the facility. Said Jordaan: &ldquo;That stadium, when it was half-built, was owned by football. &ldquo;We used to live in the front house and now we&rsquo;re living in the back of the house, looking at our front house, because somebody else now owns the front house,&rdquo; said Jordaan.&ldquo;When we made the bid for the 2010 World Cup, the government made it clear it could not invest in a stadium it did not own. &ldquo;So we had to hand over the stadium to the City of Joburg, then the government invested money in the city to finish building the stadium. We had to do that because the stadium was the showpiece of the 2010 World Cup. &ldquo;But we have since considered the sacrifices we had made &ndash; at that stage, the stadium was worth about R300 million to R500 million and we had to hand it over for nothing.&rdquo; Jordaan was non-committal regarding the appointment of a coach for the senior national women&rsquo;s team Banyana Banyana, saying they would be scrutinising the interested parties who come from as far afield as the USA, Netherlands and Britain. This may mean Desiree Ellis, the interim coach, would be very lucky to get the nod ahead of a strong field of candidates. Jordaan also disclosed his happiness about Bafana&rsquo;s participation in four competitions this year &ndash; the Cosafa Cup, African Nations Champions (Chan), 2019 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifiers as well as the qualifiers for next year&rsquo;s Fifa World Cup tournament to be held in Russia. &ldquo;At one stage in our football, there was a team with the slogan &lsquo;Operation Vat Alles&rsquo;. We are very clear about our targets. While it would be good thing to win everything, that is not our objective. &ldquo;Our main objective is to qualify for Afcon and the World Cup. The idea is to use Chan and the Cosafa Cup to strengthen our pool of players and give the team good competitive matches, working towards Vision 2022 and building sustainability,&rdquo; said Jordaan.