WHAT on earth is happening at Orlando Pirates? That is the question many South Africans are asking themselves &ndash; and one even the club&rsquo;s players cannot provide a definite answer to following their disastrous 2016-17 Premiership season.Most of the players who spoke to SunSport on condition of anonymity for fear of being victimised because they are not allowed to speak to the media without prior permission, said Pirates were just sailing under a dark cloud of bad luck.The suggestion has been made that division among the players could be a factor in the current struggles at the club celebrating its 80th anniversary this year.SunSport was unable to speak to club chairman Irvin Khoza and other club officials apart from new official Derek Blanckensee, who declined to comment.Blanckensee, ex-general manager of football for the Premier Soccer League until last September, only joined Bucs very recently and therefore understandably was not able to shed light on the shocking state of affairs at the club.But he confirmed yesterday: &ldquo;I have been asked by the chairman to help the club as an internal consultant. My job has more to do with club administration.&rdquo;The mayhem at the club comes after Bucs:Failed to finish the past season in the top eight bracket.Failed to win a single trophy throughout the season, also losing 2-0 to Kaizer Chiefs in the 2016 Carling Black Label Champion Cup. Conceded 11 goals in total to SuperSport United in the past season &ndash; a 6-1 loss that saw Muhsin Ertugral resign live on TV, a 1-0 defeat in the second round and a 4-1 thrashing in the Nedbank Cup final in Durban at the weekend.Bucs are the only PSL team to have conceded so many goals in a single match this past season &ndash; also suffering a 6-0 drubbing at the hands of Mamelodi Sundowns in the league. However, the hordes of players prepared to talk to SunSport yesterday said they were also unhappy with recent developments at the club.Said one popular player: &ldquo;This team has had no luck. Yes, the relationship among the players has been a bit strained but that cannot be the main reason. Every club has its own ups and downs &ndash; and we&rsquo;re now in a downward spiral. &ldquo;As they say in the Bible, you get seven years of feasting and seven of hunger. We have hit the years of hunger but we will overcome this.&rdquo;When asked about Khoza&rsquo;s involvement in the day-to-day running of the club, he responded: &ldquo;The chairman is fully involved. He runs the administration whenever he has time. But what we want next season is additional players and consistency in goal. We need one quality goalkeeper.&rdquo;Another player suggested that cliques in the team make it impossible for players to co-operate on the field. He said that although they discussed their performance after each game, nothing would change when they step onto the field. He insists the problem lies with the players, not the coaching staff. He said: &ldquo;There are groups among the players and that&rsquo;s making things uncomfortable. It affects the team on the field. There&rsquo;s no unity.&rdquo;The player added that with the new season approaching, he hoped some players&rsquo; departure and new players&rsquo; arrival would force the team to work together for the greater good. Another senior member of the club added: &ldquo;We&rsquo;re just having a bad season &ndash; there&rsquo;s no excuse for it. We cannot point fingers at each other, we work as a collective. But we will change next season. We have to start by winning the Black Label Cup, even though supporters don&rsquo;t take it seriously because fans do the coaching. Our fans deserve to be happy.&rdquo;He said troubled coach Kjell Jonevret and his assistant Harold &ldquo;Jazzyqueen&rdquo; Legodi were a good combination and could turn things around next season.&ldquo;Kjell is a good choice, we need to support him,&rdquo; said a player who denies any knowledge of cabals in camp.&ldquo;I don&rsquo;t know anything about cliques in camp. Individuals may have issues with one another but that doesn&rsquo;t mean we&rsquo;re divided.&rdquo;Another senior player, who was at first sceptical about discussing the subject, said Pirates&rsquo; technical problems were that the coach was not hard enough on the players so they do as they please at times.Pirates are expected back in camp to start preparations for the Carling Black Label Champion Cup in two weeks. The cup match will again be hosted by FNB Stadium on 29 July.