ALL roads will lead to Bloemfontein this weekend, where the new Brutal Fruit Netball Premier League champions will be crowned. Western Cape Southern Stings caused the tournament&rsquo;s major upset when they eliminated three-times champions Free State Crinums to qualify for the semifinals.They are joined by the Gauteng Jaguars, North West Flames and Gauteng Golden Fireballs in the semifinals. Three-times finalists the Jaguars will be watched with keen interest, as they have been living in the shadows of the Crinums, having failed to take the title three times.The Stings will be hoping to continue their steady performance when they face the Jaguars in the first semifinal at the Mangaung Indoor Sports Centre on Saturday (4pm). The Flames face the Fireballs in the second semi on the same day (6pm). On offer in the eight week long competition is the chance to play in New Zealand from 2-7 July. Although the Jaguars beat the Stings in the group stages of the competition, Jenny van Dyk&rsquo;s side shouldn&rsquo;t expect an easy contest. The Capetonians have a lot of experience and four national Spar Proteas players, who won the Spar Senior Netball Championships last August.Stings captain Rochelle Lawson-Laubscher said beating the Crinums to get into the semis had added to their confidence. Said Lawson-Laubscher: &ldquo;We have an amazing group of girls. We have used 15 players from start to finish. I think we are also a versatile team, which helps us not suffer burnout. The journey we have been on is rewarding, we are excited but nervous. It&rsquo;s an amazing opportunity for the Stings.&rdquo; Jaguars vice-captain Tshina Mdau said all the semifinalists were under pressure to do well and that their record in the competition did not exempt them from it. Mdau said they would work to players&rsquo; individual strengths to get the better of their opponents. &ldquo;There&rsquo;s pressure on all the four teams, we don&rsquo;t feel excluded from it. It comes with being in the semifinals. We are hoping to make the final. We are hoping for a completely different outcome to the last three. We consider ourselves champions already.&rdquo;