MAMELODI Sundowns&rsquo; Caf Champions League campaign is back on track! The African champs bounced back with a gutsy 0-0 draw in their Group C clash with Esperance in Tunis late on Wednesday &ndash; following a shock 2-1 home loss to the Tunisian giants early this month. The Brazilians head coach Pitso Mosimane was furious after a late penalty gave Esperance all three points in Atteridgeville.&nbsp; But he was happy last night after their 0-0 draw, which sees Downs take second place in the group, level on five points with Ethiopia&rsquo;s St George. Esperance are on top with eight points with two matches remaining. Mosimane said the key now would be their game in Addis Ababa against St George next Saturday 1 July.&nbsp; &ldquo;It will be a difficult game,&rdquo; predicts the coach. &ldquo;The pressure will be on. But Esperance also have to travel to Kinshasa in the DR Congo (to play AS Vita Club) and that is never an easy venue to play at. It&rsquo;s important that we return from Addis Ababa still in second place.&rdquo; Downs end their group fixtures at home to AS Vita, who lost 1-0 to St George in Addis Ababa on Wednesday and are stuck on three points. All four clubs are still in the race for the top two spots that will guarantee them a place in the quarterfinals. Mosimane said he was confident before the match that his African champions would not lose to Esperance: &ldquo;We had eight players out injured at home. We gave away an early goal and then that late penalty and lost 2-1. I&rsquo;ve said Esperance would never have beaten us if we had a full squad.&nbsp; &ldquo;And on Wednesday we had three players back &ndash; Hlompho (Kekana), Anthony (Laffor) and (Yannick) Zakri. All three made a huge difference.&rdquo;&nbsp; Mosimane said the draw was a fair result: &ldquo;Tactically both teams were well organised and disciplined. We had one real chance that Percy (Tau) missed. But otherwise Percy played well. &ldquo;Esperance closed up shop at the end and were happy to settle for a point. It&rsquo;s what I would have done, as we could have caught them on the counter with our speed as we were going for the win.&rdquo;&nbsp; Meanwhile, Platinum Stars&rsquo; African dreams are all but over after their 1-1 Confederation Cup draw at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium against another Tunisian outfit, CS Sfaxien, on Wednesday. Dikwena prop up Group B with two points &ndash; six behind leaders MC Alger of Algeria with two matches to play.