THE ANC stalwarts will be absent from the ANC&rsquo;s National Policy Conference which starts today . &ldquo;It is not acceptable that we, other members of the ANC, members of the alliance and supporters have been asked to be silent given the overwhelming evidence of corruption, nepotism and self-interest which is there for all to see,&rdquo; said Murphy Morobe. A historical figure in the anti-apartheid movement, he was co-ordinating the media conference held yesterday at the Women&rsquo;s Jail at Constitutional Hill, Joburg.&ldquo;Silence will only allow the crisis to become deeper, and lead to the demise of the ANC and everything the ANC has stood for in the name and interests of our people. &ldquo;How can we be asked to be silent when to do so would be a betrayal of everything our fallen comrades fought for? That is not what we understand principled unity to be. &ldquo;We cannot be silent when we see the suppression of discussion through violence and intimidation.&rdquo;&ldquo;In spite of some media reports to the contrary, we have taken the decision not to participate in the first two days of the conference.&rdquo; He said the decision was based on factors like the failure of the president to raise their proposed separation of the policy conference from the National Consultative Conference, as previously promised. He said the continued denial by elements of the leadership to accept the decision of the NEC to hold a consultative conference was also a factor, as was the failure of the delegated leadership of the national working committee and the top six to work with the stalwarts to plan for a consultative conference.Morobe went on to say it was clear in discussions with the delegated leadership of the ANC that there was no intention of allowing a real consultative conference.Speaking at the same event, veteran Cheryl Carolus asked why there have been no consequences for the Minister in the Presidency, Jeff Radebe, allegedly sexting a female employee half his age.&ldquo;Why has the action of a senior minister who asked a female worker to send him photos of her genitals had no consequences? &ldquo;The minister has not apologised to anybody. &ldquo;He has not apologised to his wife or his family. But nothing has happened to him,&rdquo; she said. &ldquo;Until such time that those who are implicated refute them, we have to take them as genuine. &ldquo;Why have these people not been charged?&rdquo;