IT IS winter, a season when people wear layers of clothes just to keep warm. This is not a problem until you start having a certain odour. People forget to wash clothes before they wear them again.Many people believe that in winter, they don&rsquo;t smell as bad as they can do in summer. That&rsquo;s because the weather in winter is always cool and they don&rsquo;t sweat a lot.Innocentia Langa told SunBuzz that having layers of clothes was not wrong. She claims the clothes might not be the problem sometimes.&ldquo;Some people have natural odours that are overboard and that&rsquo;s the real problem.&ldquo;I used to have a problem with my armpits. I grew up with it. In warm seasons, I would sweat and I couldn&rsquo;t hide the smell.&ldquo;Everyone knew me as that girl with smelly armpits. In winter, I would smell like onions, and that affected my self-confidence.&rdquo;But Rhulani Mabaso blamed laziness for the bad odour.&ldquo;People are too lazy to keep clean because they&rsquo;re always thinking about the cold. Yes, it&rsquo;s cold, but dirty clothes won&rsquo;t keep you warm.&ldquo;Most people with smelly armpits smell like that because they&rsquo;ve been sweating. There are those with natural odour, and there are methods you can adopt to avoid having a bad odour,&rdquo; he said.Bulelwa Mathonsi, who is an Oral Hygiene student, said: &ldquo;I know for a fact that if you don&rsquo;t change underwear and vest you&rsquo;re going to have a certain odour.&ldquo;Undergarments should be changed every day. Also, the types of food people eat daily contribute to their body odour.&rdquo;She says smelly people need to take a thorough bath. They should constantly carry out subtle armpit checks.When you have a funny smell you can smell it just as well as all those around you. It is a simple matter of eliminating body odour fast and effectively.Wash your body. Body odour is created by bacteria, so bathing twice a day will help you moderate the smell. It is important to use antibacterial soap and rinse yourself afterwards. And focus on the parts that sweat a lot.Apply antiperspirant or deodorant. These contain certain chemicals that block sweating, which is effective in eliminating odours. Deodorants may last 24-48 hours, depending on the brand.Avoid applying deodorant if you didn&rsquo;t bathe. For example, after taking a long walk that made your armpits sweat. Don&rsquo;t apply it because it won&rsquo;t last so long. It will last much longer when put on a clean skin, after you&rsquo;ve had a bath or shower. Deodorants have different scents that appeal to different people, so there&rsquo;s variety.Home-made mixture. If you&rsquo;re at home and run out of things to use on your armpits, bicarbonate is a big help if applied twice a day.Mix it with water and apply it on your armpits. This mixture should be stored in a cool place.Private parts of the body are sensitive and can develop unhealthy odours caused by infections. But this is never a problem for ladies who visit their gynaecologists for regular check-ups. Those doctors will understand how to take care of such delicate organs.