JULIUS MALEMA was on fire yesterday as he laid into Transnet, the Guptas and corrupt leaders.&nbsp;But he also had some strong words for supporters of the ruling party.&nbsp;&ldquo;You are celebrating criminals,&rdquo; EFF leader Julius Malema said at a media briefing at the party&rsquo;s headquarters in Braamfontein, Joburg.He blamed what he called Zuma and his Skeem Saam for handing the country to a foreign family. He said it was worse than high treason. He said corruption at Transnet amounted to over R17 billion.He said the EFF was going to lay criminal charges against Minister of Finance Malusi Gigaba, who is cited as being at the forefront of the corruption taking place at Transnet.&ldquo;We are going to lay criminal charges against the Transnet board which was part of this fraud. We are also going to call on other bidders who lost these bids to join us and sue Transnet. No country has ever paid this ridiculous amount of money for locomotives. Why us?&rdquo;He said they would complain to the Chinese government about the Chinese companies involved in the fraud at Transnet. &ldquo;I know China deals harshly with corruption in their country and we hope they will do the same with these companies.&rdquo; He said they were in possession of damning emails which they were investigating which he said would link every cabinet minister to corruption.&ldquo;When we are done, we are going to send this evidence to parliament for impeachment of these ministers. Failing which, we are going to court. &ldquo;The president of the IFP has confirmed that there are such emails. Cabinet Minister Ayanda Dlodlo is not denying these emails. If they say these emails are fake, they must go to court,&rdquo; Malema said.He wanted to know why the Guptas were not being charged for all the corruption taking place.&ldquo;I was charged for influencing tenders, with no evidence. Why has no single person been charged for the crime of Nkandla?&rdquo; he asked.&ldquo;There has never been a successful prosecution of any high- profile person for corruption during Zuma&rsquo;s term. Why?&rdquo;Malema said they were going over Zuma&rsquo;s head so that when Zuma goes, the leaders that follow would not be like him.&ldquo;We want people to be aware of the rot in the country.&rdquo;He said the arrest and prosecution of Zuma would teach others that crime doesn&rsquo;t pay.He said those who are fighting corruption are tired of inaction.&ldquo;We must now stop blaming Zuma. We must blame the people. &ldquo;We are not getting any support from them and soon we&rsquo;ll do nothing because it is costly to fight this war,&rdquo; Malema said.He ended by saying it was time to pull out of their coalition with the DA if they could not deal with Helen Zille.&ldquo;The DA must stop their arrogance and treat their coalition partners as equals.&rdquo;