ORLANDO Pirates coach Kjell Jonevret says he wants to keep his job despite having a bad season which saw his side end their second season without a single trophy.Bucs suffered an embarrassing 4-1 defeat to defending champions SuperSport United in the Nedbank Cup final played at Moses Mabhida Stadium in Durban on Saturday. The defeat was unbearable for Bucs&rsquo; loyal fans, who threw objects on the pitch in anger after their team had also failed to finish the Absa Premiership season within the top eight.A red-faced Jonevret revealed during the media briefing that he never thought his first season with the Soweto giants would become a nightmare. He emphasised that heads would roll as the management was busy trying to come up with solutions to avoid a similar situation next season.&ldquo;There are discussions going on at the office and we will have to wait and see what happens. You can see we had some big problems, not just today, but over a period of time. We have to wait and see because I am not involved in those decisions.&rdquo;Coach Muhsin Ertugral resigned last year after the team suffered a humiliating 6-1 league defeat to Matsatsantsa a Pitori. The Swede took over from caretaker coach Augusto Palacios on 20 February.Said Jonevret: &ldquo;I would love to be somewhere else right now. It&rsquo;s a nightmare, I have to say, it has been a tough day for us. &ldquo;We had fantastic support, the atmosphere in the arena before the game was fantastic and every element was there for it to be a night to remember. &ldquo;I don&rsquo;t know what happened &ndash; this was not the Orlando Pirates we know. Even though we haven&rsquo;t had a fantastic season, we have been more stable than this. &ldquo;Congratulations to SuperSport, they seemed better than us today and did not make any mistakes. I know the supporters are disappointed too, it was a poor ending to a tough season.&rdquo;Jonevret seems to have lost the battle in the change-room, as he admitted that players didn&rsquo;t listen to his instructions sometimes. The coach added: &ldquo;When I arrived here I had hoped it would be easier. I tried to stabilise the team &ndash; and we made it into a cup final, so that is something to be happy about, at least. &ldquo;I hope players heed my guidance in the future. I don&rsquo;t want to talk about next season, today we want to cry and go home. We didn&rsquo;t follow the game plan &ndash; it could have been more than 4-1! &ldquo;But I am hungry. I want to have a full season with my team.&rdquo;