BLACK Leopards are hungry to return to the Premier Soccer League.Lidoda Duvha aim to follow in the footsteps of Thanda Royal Zulu by securing the remaining vacant spot in the Absa Premiership via the relegation/promotion play-offs.The Venda-based outfit start the play-offs campaign on Saturday with a date against fellow National First Division side Stellenbosch FC at Thohoyandou Stadium.Leopards finished second behind Thanda to secure a place in the play-offs together with Stellenbosch who finished the season in third place. They are joined by Baroka FC who got another chance to fight for their PSL status via the nerve wracking mini league competition.Leopards coach Jean Losciuto is positive that his side will make their fans who are starved for top flight football proud. The last time Leopards tasted the land of milk and honey was in the 2012-13 season when they got relegated after they finished bottom of the table. Said Losciuto: &ldquo;My players are ready and they know the importance of gaining promotion. They know we have only four games to achieve our target. I took the club from 13th position in November last year to second position and many people said it was a miracle. I want this miracle to continue.&rdquo;The Belgium born mentor watched the opening play-offs match between Stellenbosch and Baroka at Athlone yesterday with an eagle eye to avoid any slip-ups. Leopards have been in camp which shows the seriousness of this competition.Added Losciuto: &ldquo;We watched their game with a keen eye as it gave us the opportunity to analyse both teams&rsquo; strengths and weaknesses. &ldquo;We played Baroka in a friendly, but this is a totally different ball game. I don&rsquo;t want to give out too much and we will see them in a weeks time. &ldquo;We also know Stellenbosch and they know what we are about. My communication with players is good and they want to play in the PSL. Our supporters must come in numbers to the stadium because that&rsquo;s important for us to succeed.&rdquo;Lidoda Duvha defender Jean Munganga is the only remaining player from the side that got relegated in 2013. Leopards was formed in 1983 by business people in Venda. The club was then taken over by David Thidiela in 1998 and Lidoda Duvha gained promotion to the PSL in 2000-01 season where they finished in 8th position under the guidance of Gavin Hunt. The Bidvest Wits championship winning coach was also voted Coach of the Year for surpassing expectations with the then unknown side.Leopards were relegated for the first time in 2008 after seven years in the PSL, but they bounced back in 2011 and made a serious impact in the Nedbank Cup where they lost 3-1 to Orlando Pirates in the final and secured a place in the Confederation Cup.However, their stay in the elite league was short-lived as the club was relegated again two years later.