Unlike our ancient ancestors, we do not go into a state of near-hibernation in the cold months. However, despite still going to work and doing the shopping and school runs as usual, we do live differently in winter than in summer. Consequently, spending patterns change and for many households winter is a time when it is more difficult to make ends meet.The main culprit is a surge in household energy costs &ndash; an increase of up to 15%, according to information published by Eskom. This increase reflects changes in behaviour. People switch on space heaters, take longer baths or hotter showers, use stoves and ovens to prepare comfort food, and appliances like washing machines and tumble dryers work harder.Fortunately, it is possible to manage household costs in winter, says Nicole Sanderson, brand custodian at Bayport Financial Services. &ldquo;The starting point is knowing where you spend the most money, and then to put measures in place to curb that expenditure.&rdquo;In most households, the hot water geyser is the biggest user of electricity, especially in winter. It accounts for almost 40% of the average home&rsquo;s electricity bill. Next is space heating at 16%, followed by stoves and ovens at 11%.Given the prominence of geysers in electricity costs, it is the logical point of departure for savings. Quick and easy options are to lower the thermostat setting to 60&deg;C, cover the geyser with a geyser blanket, and insulate the water pipes. If you have the necessary cash to make a long-term investment, consider installing a heat pump or solar panels.When it comes to saving on space heating costs, Sanderson advises that consumers look at their doors, windows and ceilings, before they turn to heaters. Preventing cold air from entering your home, and hot air from escaping from it, is a very effective way to save money on heating costs. In the same way, insulation in the ceiling will keep the warm air from disappearing through the roof. It is estimated that an insulated room requires 51% less energy to heat up, while warmth generated by heaters is more effectively retained.If, despite proper insulation, you still feel cold in your house, use heaters with a built-in thermostat and a short warm up time. Furthermore, instead of trying to heat up a room, rather heat up the people in the room. &ldquo;Wrapped in a blanket and sipping a hot drink or eating a bowl of soup will leave you far more comfortable than huddling round a heater,&rdquo; says Sanderson. Similarly, a hot water bottle in your bed is more effective than a heater in the room.With stoves and ovens being the third most expensive consumers of electricity in the home, substantial savings can be made by managing your kitchen differently. Winter is the time of year when you can cook big, hearty stews, curries and soups &ndash; the kind of dishes that are perfect for preparing in bulk, allowing you to freeze the extra portions for a different day. Not only do you save by buying fresh ingredients in large quantities, you also use the same amount of electricity (or gas) to cook enough food for two or three meals.&nbsp;Even more money, energy and time can be saved by using energy efficient cooking methods and appliances, such as the Wonderbag.Tempting as it may be, never use the oven as a space heater. Only switch it on when you are cooking, and make the most of this relatively expensive heat source by cooking or baking more than one dish at a time.Another kitchen appliance that can cost &ndash; or save &ndash; money, is the refrigerator. Colder temperatures in winter allow you to save electricity by setting the thermostat two degrees higher than in summer. Defrost the refrigerator at least twice per year, and do not overload it. Also, check the door seals and replace them if they no longer fulfil their function properly.&ldquo;Electricity is obviously a major expense in winter, but there are other ways too in which consumers can save,&rdquo; says Sanderson. For instance, people are generally more likely to catch a cold or develop coughs and fevers at this time of year. Flu injections and extra vitamins to boost the immune system can help to avoid a visit or two to the doctor and/or the pharmacy.Finally, she suggests turning the management of the winter budget into a family activity. &ldquo;An acquaintance of mine agreed with his children that their pocket money would be increased by a percentage of the money saved on the electricity bill. Within a month or two, their bill was half of what it used to be.&rdquo;