STUART Baxter has turned his attention to guiding Bafana Bafana to success in the Cosafa Cup after completing his mission with SuperSport United on a high note. United players went all out and demolished Orlando Pirates 4-1 in the Nedbank Cup final at Moses Mabhida Stadium on Saturday, also hoping to impress outgoing coach Baxter to increase their chances of being part of the Bafana setup.Baxter told SunSport he knew some players were playing with a national call-up in mind.Bafana are in camp in Rustenburg preparing for their Cosafa Cup quarterfinal clash with the winner of Group A at the Moruleng Stadium on Sunday. Group A features Tanzania, Malawi, Mauritius and Angola. Defending champions Bafana are seeded and automatically qualify for the quarterfinals.Added Baxter: &ldquo;They didn&rsquo;t need to impress me tonight for them to have my respect.&rdquo; He said the Cosafa Cup would give him a chance to have a look at other players, especially youngsters. The majority of his squad members come from the SA Under-20 and SA U-23 ranks.&ldquo;This is an opportunity for me to have a look at players who were initially not in the team. We will see if they will grab the opportunity presented to them.&rdquo;Baxter revealed to SunSport that he had played down the importance of the final to keep his players from becoming over-confident. &ldquo;I played down how much this game means to me personally. I tried to do that for the players&rsquo; sake. This game was not about me, it was about them. &ldquo;They had two great seasons &ndash; it&rsquo;s about silverware for the club, about a lot of joy for our supporters. I think we did well. &ldquo;The players were magnificent in terms of having the game planned, remaining calm and clinical in winning the trophy.&rdquo; Baxter said he was happy that his players gave him a send-off he would always remember. The outgoing United coach praised veteran midfielder Reneilwe &ldquo;Yeye&rdquo; Letsholonyane for having a great season, silencing those who thought he was too old. &ldquo;I know Yeye from my days with Chiefs and knew he had a couple of seasons left in him. He is still sharp. He is a winner.&rdquo;