CALL it a controversial win, Baroka FC couldn&rsquo;t care less &ndash; it&rsquo;s points in the bag and means their Premiership status is partially protected. They had to get the job done and it mattered little to them how they did it &ndash; even if that included benefiting from a refereeing error. All that matters to them now is hanging on to their PSL status. It was not a pretty affair but it was effective. Baroka&rsquo;s 2-1 victory over Black Leopards in their 2016-17 promotion/relegation play-offs Limpopo derby at Peter Mokaba Stadium yesterday was marred by controversy, however. They were granted a gift of a goal by the referee, which helped them collect maximum points against a rather unfortunate Leopards. And as a result Baroka are now in control of the mini-league table on four points &ndash; two ahead of Stellenbosch FC &ndash; with Leopards rooted to the bottom of the table after three games. Just the day before, Baroka suspended co-coach Milton Dlamini for allegedly not getting along with some members of the technical team. Chief executive Morgan Mammila did not even bother denying the reports, admitting that Baroka got rid of Dlamini because of bad behaviour. Kgoloko Thobejane, who was demoted some time ago, is now the sole head coach again.Zambian motor-mouth coach Jacob Sakala was also suspended by the club after just two matches in charge because of misconduct. Entry into the stadium was free yesterday in a bid to lure locals to come show their support. There was confusion when Baroka opened the scoring despite Leopards goalkeeper Rotshidzwa Muleka lying on the ground seemingly out cold with an injury after a foul on him was not cited. The referee did not stop play and Baroka proceeded to open the scoring in the 11th minute. Muleka was stretchered off the pitch as a result of that injury and replaced by well-travelled veteran goalkeeper Aubrey Mathibe. Play had to stop for seven minutes when the injury became clear. But the hosts cared little as they celebrated the opening goal, scored by Victor Letsoalo. It was the biggest talking point of the game as the Venda based Leopards were not amused by the referee&rsquo;s handling of the situation. Letsoalo completed his brace with a powerful header five minutes before the break, without any added controversy this time. Baroka goalkeeper Oscarine Masuluke committed a serious blunder, however, to gift Zimu Mziwokuthula the easiest goal of his life.