ONE thing Mzansi's top cops seem to have in common is falling foul of the law. Beginning in 2000 when former national police commissioner Jackie Selebi went down for his crimes, Mzansi's top cops have all been fired for one controversy or another. Read on to find out more about Mzansi&rsquo;s Cops of Shame! Jackie Selebi Thabo Mbeki appointed Jackie Selebi as the National Commissioner of the South African Police Service on 1 January, 2000. He succeeded the first National Police Commissioner of the democratic era, George Fivaz.Selebi was elected vice-president of Interpol (African region) in 2002, going on to become its president from 2004 to 2008.On 10 September 2007, the National Prosecuting Authority issued a warrant of arrest for Selebi for corruption, fraud, racketeering and defeating the ends of justice.Selebi had a close friendship with convicted drug smuggler, Glenn Agliotti.&nbsp;&nbsp;Despite being head of police , Selebi claimed that he was not aware that his friend Agliotti was involved with crime. In fact, he famously dismissed questions about his friendship with Agliotti by saying he stood by his mate, &ldquo;finish and klaar&rdquo;.In 2008, Mbeki suspended Selebi and later placed him on extended leave as he was charged with corruption. After several postponements, Selebi&rsquo;s trial began on April 8, 2010.In August 2010, Selebi was sentenced to 15 years&rsquo; imprisonment by Judge Meyer Joffe in the South Gauteng High Court. Joffe called Selebi an &ldquo;embarrassment to South Africa and the police&rdquo;.Selebi only spent 229 days in jail before being released on medical parole. He died in January 2015, at the age of 64. &nbsp; Bheki Cele&nbsp; In July 2009 President Jacob Zuma appointed Bheki Cele as the country's new national commissioner of police. He was an MEC in KZN at the time. But it was not long before he landed in trouble. Allegations about his property deals were first reported in the media in 2010. In 2011, after months of speculation about his fate, Cele was suspended pending the outcome of an investigation into "unlawful" police lease agreements. Buildings were allegedly leased at inflated prices from a certain company.A board of inquiry found that Cele was not fit to hold office, and recommended he be dismissed.In June 2012, Cele was fired by president Jacob Zuma.Riah PhiyegaIn 2012 Mangwashi Victoria &ldquo;Riah&rdquo; Phiyega was appointed as the new national police commissioner. Phiyega was chairwoman of several important structures, including the presidential review committee on state owned enterprises.&nbsp; She soon became famous for her colourful (and sometimes confusing) statements to the press. These include: &ldquo;I&rsquo;ve never been a police [officer], but I want to say that you don&rsquo;t need to be a drunkard to own a bottle store."Another winner was her reply to a question as to whether she was an ANC cadre. She said: &ldquo;I am taking the potjiekos that you have made, I have put the carrots aside now, I&rsquo;m going to the potato.&rdquo;&nbsp; Hardly had Phiyega settled into the hotseat then disaster struck. It was under her watch that the Marikana massacre happened in 2012, when 34 miners at Lonmin Platinum mine were killed &ndash; some shot in the back while running away from police &ndash; during wage protests.&nbsp;Following an inquiry into the massacre, Phiyega was suspended on her full annual salary of R1,9 million in 2014 pending a further inquiry into her fitness to hold office. This process has still not been resolved. Khomotso Phahlane President Jacob Zuma appointed Forensic Services Divisional Commissioner Lieutenant General Johannes Khomotso Phahlane to act as the national commissioner in October 2015 while Riah Phiyega went on suspension.But there were already allegations that Phahlane was not squeaky clean. He is being investigated by Ipid for corruption, which dates back to the time he was the head of forensics.In January this year, Ipid raided Phahlane&rsquo;s R8 million home in a luxury Pretoria estate.Ipid said it has evidence showing that between 2014 and 2016, Phahlane sold or traded in several cars and was paid well above the book price.It is also alleged that the company that installed the R80 000 sound system in his mansion in Pretoria did so in order to secure a tender worth millions.Phahlane has always maintained the allegations made against him were baseless.But on Thursday he was removed as acting police commissioner and suspended from the police service altogether.&nbsp; Police minister Fikile Mabalula said: &ldquo;In our eyes Phahlane is presumed innocent until proven otherwise, so he must stay at home. Those who are making claims about his incompetence have the right to bring their complaints to the court of law.&rdquo;Lesetja Mothiba Now enters Lieutenant General Lesetja Mothiba as Mzansi's top cop.Mothiba has more than 30 years of service as a police officer and has been serving as divisional head of management for the Intervention Unit.&nbsp;Mothiba has said his role is to fight crime and provide safety.&nbsp;But already there are questions hanging over him, with reports that he may have lied to Parliament during the Riah Phiyega debacle.