IT&rsquo;S time to have a chat about natural hair . . . again. For some time, media has played a major role in misrepresenting black natural hair. Mainstream media celebrates black women, the likes of Naomi Campbell, Halle Berry and Tyra Banks, who have Eurocentric facial features and straight hair. This has created a false impression that a black woman with dreadlocks, cornrows or an Afro could never make it onto glossy magazine covers. Of course, iconic comedienne Whoopi Goldberg, fashionista and singer Solange Knowles and local musician Thandiswa Mazwai have kept their hair natural. But society only recently heralded their brand of beauty as charming. There are people who still can&rsquo;t appreciate the natural beauty of a black woman independent of colonial standards. This shows how we choose to wear our hair can be a politically influenced decision. For years, women of colour have relaxed their hair to tame their curly, coarse manes. This was so they could be appealing and valued by the Western gaze &ndash; or so you would assume.&nbsp; I&rsquo;m sure you&rsquo;re aware of the exhausting endless weave debate. We&rsquo;ve even seen tweets from guys who say black women wear weaves because they aspire to be white. Others even suggest weaves are worn because black women are embarrassed by their natural hair. But all these arguments allude to the same fact: there are people who fail to appreciate the beauty of a black woman independent of colonial standards. Get a weave &ndash; &ldquo;Oh, she&rsquo;s self-loathing.&rdquo; Grow out your Afro &ndash; &ldquo;Why don&rsquo;t you relax your hair?&rdquo; Damned if you do. Damned if you don&rsquo;t. But this negates a large part of the actual reality. Hair extensions are not a rejection of our natural hair. If anything, these are protective hairstyles for the natural hair beneath them, which helps retain hair length because there&rsquo;s no daily manipulating and combing that breaks hair. But we don&rsquo;t necessarily want length. Rather, we want healthy hair. And as autonomous as black women are when it comes to their hair, there is still a great deal of hair texture discrimination.&nbsp; Black women have often felt pressured to wear straight hairstyles for work or school.In firms and schools, there are rules policing how black women wear their hair. This is based on the biased notion that certain natural hairstyles are dirty and or unprofessional. Even some black people have this mindset. But the Good Hair Study revealed that white women appear to be the most squeamish about black hair. But aesthetic prejudice can be unlearned.This bias against unapologetically African hairstyles is beginning to change, as there is an upsurge of natural hair appreciation by means of social media.&nbsp; Remember when Giuliana Rancic made an ignorant remark on Fashion Police about Zendaya&rsquo;s faux dreadlocks? She joked that they probably smelled like patchouli oil and weed, a comment that perpetuated negative stereotypes around black hairstyles.&nbsp; Thanks to the likes of Nomzamo Mbatha, Pearl Thusi, Nomalanga Shozi and Amandla Stenberg for proudly wearing their African locks on international platforms. &ndash; Women24.com&nbsp;