IT IS called the &ldquo;Ultimate Human Race&rdquo;!&nbsp; Organisers say if there is one ultra-marathon every human being should run, it is this one. Such is the attraction of the Comrades Marathon that some athletes have completed more than 40 runs. Some do it for fun and fitness, the rest are running competitively. South African men have dominated proceedings in the last five races, with local boys crossing the finish line first in convincing times. Come Sunday, more than 21&thinsp;000 enthusiastic athletes will gather at Durban&rsquo;s City Hall where the race will start. It finishes at Pietermaritzburg&rsquo;s Scottville Race Course some 86,73km away.&nbsp; That is the officially measured and certified distance of the 2017 edition of the race, which has the motto: &ldquo;It takes all of you &ndash; Zinikele&rdquo;. The change in venue for the finish line means the run is slightly shorter this year. The starter&rsquo;s gun will sound at 5.30am on Sunday and the cut-off time for all runners is 12 hours later, at 5.30pm.&nbsp; The 2015 up run champion Gift Kelehe has vowed to make an impression this year with the help of his Tom-Tom Athletics Club teammate and last year&rsquo;s winner David Gatebe, and Surprise Makofane and Gordon Lesetedi, who will be backing him. The race will be comfortable in the Durban boundary, then travels up to the top of Fields Hill and the highest steep is after the Camperdown hill. But Kelehe said he was feeling good and his muscle build-up leads him to believe he stands a good chance, having reserved enough strength for this up run. He landed in Durban last night. &ldquo;Spending time in the mountains around Dullstroom in Mpumalanga has helped me prepare,&rdquo; said the 35-year-old Tshwane Police Training College instructor. He will be up against highly ambitious athletes such as Johannes Kekana and Ludwick Mamabolo, who would also like to steal the show. Kelehe said he would be running his own race and would team up with the leading pack for the first 60km of rising and downhills, but plans to pull away at the 80km mark. &ldquo;There is no time to complain about tired legs in such races. Your running shoes are also very important to avoid blisters,&rdquo; said the North West born ultra-marathon runner. &ldquo;In other words, running uphill is very exhausting and running downhill is painful.&rdquo; Other South African athletes expected to be in the leading pack include 2014 winner Bongmusa Mthembu and Zimbabwean Stephen Muzhingi, who won it in three times in 2009, 2010 and 2011. In the women&rsquo;s race there will be a jostle for leadership after initial favourite Caroline Wostmann pulled out due to injuries, but Charne Bosman and the United Kingdom&rsquo;s Eleanor Greenwood will be back to compete for the first prize. It is still unclear whether the Russian Nurgalieva twins, Elena and Olesya, who between them have won the race back-to-back a couple of times, will be available to run. They missed last year&rsquo;s race after being banned following positive tests for an illegal substance. The best part about the Comrades for viewers is to watch the runners nearing the finish line and the people cheering them on.&nbsp; TV viewers are usually on the edge of their seats as they watch the last stragglers attempt to beat the cut-off gun.&nbsp;