SOMETIMES in this industry you find yourself in places you&rsquo;ve never imagined visiting.For example, take last week&rsquo;s line-up announcement of the annual Phalaphala FM Royal Gospel and Heritage Festival.The much-talked-about music festival will be at the Royal Gardens, Nandoni Dam in Thohoyandou, Limpopo.I seriously have no clue where that is, but it sounds like a place from a traditional Venda novel.You can tell this was no low-budget press conference, as hearty food was served, drinks were flowing and the desserts included mopane worms! Like, how extra is that? I always thought it was food for basic people, so I was shocked when I saw top businessmen dig in too. I guess you can take a guy out of Venda, but you can&rsquo;t take Venda out of him. The SABC Choir made a noise while we were eating. I can&rsquo;t remember most of their songs as I was focused on my food. Still on costly people, we bumped into some members from Joyous Celebration. The line-up is so amazing, I might find myself in Venda this year, how shocking.I bumped into rapper Sjava and I immediately held on tight to my expensive handbag, thinking he was a nyaope boy who made his way inside the venue following the food aroma.Sjava, there&rsquo;s a difference between simple and dirty. So, do something! Bra Sipho Hotstix Mabuse can teach these young kids a thing or two about having a cool factor. Sjava, please take lessons from Bra Hotstix.It was refreshing to see singer and actress Elle, and you could tell Elle is married, right. She has an expensive glow. Way to go girl. Poverty is not an option, let&rsquo;s keep it rich!Can all the gospel artists who will be performing at the show in September please take a minute and pray for Amanda Black&rsquo;s sense of style. This because it gets worse by the day! Or maybe she needs ukuhlabela her fashion amadlozi.It was good getting to know singer Lady Zamar. That golden voice will take her places. Pity about her style, she looked like a township single mother trying to get back into the game after a bitter divorce.The love I have for OKMalumKoolKat is the reason why I want to go to Venda, where hopefully, our rooms will be next to each other. No pun intended.Gospel singer Sipho Makhabane looked like he was on his way to renew his driver&rsquo;s licence when his PA reminded him of the event.Hot actress Motsoaledi Setumo looked all sorts of sexy in her black outfit. She&rsquo;s been turning heads with her half-naked soap character on TV. If her body is anything to go by, then she has all the rights to flaunt it. Here&rsquo;s a quick tip, darling: Don&rsquo;t hibernate at some table. Instead, get to work, girl, and come out of your shell!