NEW Orlando Pirates head coach, Milutin &ldquo;Micho&rdquo; Sredojevic, made a pledge he will have to live with when he promised desperate fans that he has the remedy for the ailing Soweto giants&rsquo; problems. The former Uganda head coach was officially unveiled by Bucs chairman Irvin Khoza yesterday, replacing Swede Kjell Jonevret, who spent a mere six months with the club.Sredojevic rejoins Bucs after a seven-month spell in 2006.However, the coach who turns 48 on 1 September, said he had matured and learned a lot in the past 10-and-a-half years.&ldquo;I have coached in Africa for 16 years and my record speaks for itself. I had numerous offers but could not resist coming back to Pirates when the chairman offered me the job. He is my football father,&rdquo; said Sredojevic.&ldquo;I followed Pirates last season and watched Saturday&rsquo;s Soweto derby. It&rsquo;s a huge challenge but I love challenges. I don&rsquo;t feel pressure. I believe in my ability to turn Pirates&rsquo; fortunes around. &ldquo;I&rsquo;m here to put the smile back on Bucs supporters&rsquo; faces. And I told the players the only way to do that is by winning.&rdquo;Bucs suffered their worst season ever in the PSL era when they finished 11th in the Absa Premiership and failed to qualify for the MTN8 for the first time since the PSL was launched in 1996.Sredojevic said there was plenty of room for improvement and he would work non-stop to get the players shipshape before their opening Premiership match against Chippa United at Orlando Stadium on 19 August.Khoza said Micho had been hired on a three-year deal but he hoped his stay would be longer.Disclosed the Bucs boss: &ldquo;Micho was the coach we wanted last season but due to the fact he was contracted to the Ugandan Football Federation, we could not get him at the time. We are aware of problems in the club, now we have to re-energise the players, starting with a new coach.&rdquo;Khoza told his new coach: &ldquo;We have to win trophies and never again do we want to see Pirates fail to qualify for the MTN8.&rdquo;He cautioned: &ldquo;I realise there is a lot of expectation. But we have to be patient and give Micho a chance. I&rsquo;m confident he will succeed. The buck stops with the coach.&rdquo;Khoza sidestepped questions of interference by the management with previous coaches. Sredojevic is Bucs&rsquo; fourth coach in 12 months. Added Sredojevic: &ldquo;Every player starts at zero and will all be given a fair chance.&rdquo;