It&rsquo;s high time women ditch the Pull Her Down (PHD) syndrome and instead become each others&rsquo; champions! Most women will tell you that they have experienced uncalled-for meanness or disrespect from another woman, or even done this themselves. It almost seems like the norm. Where does this enduring need to bring each other down stem from? As much as we'd love to imagine ourselves as an evolved, unified gender, some women are still occupied by feelings of jealousy, pride and insecurity towards each other. Generally, women are held up to unrealistic and one-dimensional beauty or lifestyle standards. We groom ourselves to appeal to people around us. This often causes rivalry between women, which expresses itself in bitchy behaviour.Whatever the reasons, what is important is that we identify this behaviour and make a point of being kinder towards each other. This includes being happy for other women and congratulating them on their achievements. How uncool to begrudge another lady the things she has! Rather draw inspiration and work harder to make your own goals a reality than try to bring her down. We can even assist each other in our pursuit for success. One's area of weakness can be covered by another's strength. Let&rsquo;s also start sticking up for one another. How often do women have to fend off unwanted advances or ignore body-shaming slurs? Instead of turning away from a woman under fire, rather rescue her from the situation, or give her some advice on how to handle and overcome such instances.&nbsp; So ladies, here's to girl power!LET&rsquo;S MAKE A POSITIVE DIFFERENCE IN THE LIVES OF OTHER WOMEN! Here are just a few of the many organisations you can get involved with to make a difference:- Home of Hope (https://www.hopehome.org.za/) supports young girls who&rsquo;ve been abused.- She Leads Africa (https://sheleadsafrica.org/) provides advice, tools and networks for women.- People Opposing Women Abuse (Powa) (http://www.powa.co.za/POWA/) offers support and counselling to women.* Nomvelo Zondi is co-founder of Label Me Woman (https://labelmewomanblog.wordpress.com/), which encourages connection, collaboration and support among women.