Amajita head coach Thabo Senong has made three changes to the starting line up to face the Young Lions of Teranga this evening (Thursday, 2 March 2017). &nbsp; Senong has called on captain Tercious Malepe, Phakamani Mahlambi and Liam Jordan to tackle Senegal as the South Africans are looking for their second three points of the tournament following a win against Cameroon in the CAF u20 Africa Cup of Nations currently underway in Zambia. &nbsp; Malepe was serving a one-match suspension and Mahlambi was a late arrival in the South African camp due to club commitments, while Jordan was an unused substitute in the opening match. &nbsp; Goalkeeper Mondli Mpoto retains his spot between the poles, while the defence also remains unchanged. &nbsp; Katlego Mohamme and Sandile Mthethwa continue in the heart of defence, assisted by Notha Ngcobo and Thendo Mukumela as fullbacks. &nbsp; Malepe will make his debut in the CAF U20 AFCON when he anchors the midfield alongside Wiseman Meyiwa, who was incredibly solid in the opening match. &nbsp; Sibongakonke Mbatha moves to the centre of attack, while Luther Singh who scored a hat trick in the opening match, moves to the left wing. &nbsp; Mahlambi will start at right wing, while Jordan will be the lone striker. &nbsp; &ldquo;Tonight&rsquo;s match will be, for us, the biggest of the tournament as we are on the brink of qualifying for the 2017 FIFA U20 World Cup. We have drilled into the players that they should not get ahead of themselves and stay focused until the final whistle. As I have said, we made a good start with the victory over Cameroon, but that is all in the past &ndash; what matters is what is ahead of us,&rdquo; said Senong. &nbsp; &ldquo;The good thing is that qualifying for Korea is in our hands. Getting a win against Senegal will be quite an achievement for everyone in this team and we have a great opportunity to reach that milestone. We have gone through all the videos and we believe we stand a good chance against the Young Lions of Teranga.&rdquo; &nbsp; The Burger King-sponsored South African U20 Men&rsquo;s National Team currently sits top of Group B with three points, followed by Senegal and Sudan on a point each. The Cameroonians are at the foot of the table &ndash; they are yet to register a point. &nbsp; A win against Senegal could see Amajita qualify for the last four possibly as group leaders. &nbsp; This clash will take place at Levy Mwanawasa Stadium in Ndola, Zambia. &nbsp; Kickoff is at 18h00 and the match will be live on SuperSport 9. &nbsp; South African starting XI: Mondli Mpoto (GK); Notha Ngcobo; Thendo Mukumela; Katlego Mohamme; Sandile Mthethwa; Wiseman Meyiwa; Tercious Malepe (C); Sibongakonke Mbatha; Luther Singh; Phakamani Mahlambi; Liam Jordan &nbsp; Subs:Sanele Tshabalala; Khulekani Khubeka; Siyabonga Ngezana; Aghmat Ceres; Sipho Mbule; Teboho Mokoena; Grant Margeman; Itumeleng Shopane; Khanyisa Mayo