LUC EYMAEL is still unsure whether he will sit on the bench or not when Bloemfontein Celtic face his former club, Polokwane City, in an Absa Premiership match at the Old Peter Mokaba Stadium on Sunday (3pm). Eymael has been prevented from officially starting his job at Celtic after quitting City to join the Free State outfit, which had left Rise and Shine boss Johnny Mogaladi fuming.Mogaladi has alleged that Eymael owes him money and that he cannot be registered by the PSL before he settles his debt with them. Their case will be heard by the PSL tomorrow, where a decision could be reached regarding Mogaladi&rsquo;s allegations which have prevented Eymael from performing his duties. The City boss has said they do not accept Eymael&rsquo;s resignation.Eymael told SunSport that he left City for a good reason and deliberately went to Celtic, but claims to have had many offers from elsewhere in the world. Explains Eymael: &ldquo;I am a human being, not a robot, I have a heart too. I left Polokwane because things got too much and I couldn&rsquo;t continue against my better judgement. &ldquo;I tried several times to call him (Mogaladi) but communication between us was not good. I tried to change things but sometimes you need to listen to understand me.&rdquo; Eymael just returned from his home country Belgium, where he completed his European pro-coaching licence. He hopes his expertise will help Celtic avoid relegation. Said the coach: &ldquo;Our preparations are going well. Before I left I had training with the boys and introduced new exercises this week, which have worked well. &ldquo;Whether I am on the bench for this match or not, it will be a special game. City play like I taught them and are improving. This will be a big challenge for my boys to prove themselves. They showed improvement against Cape Town City (0-0) and I hope they can build on that.&rdquo; Eymael is aware that newly appointed City caretaker coach Bernard Molekwa will be eager to prove his worth against the previous mentor.He said: &ldquo;I am happy Molekwa is continuing my methods. He was not really my assistant, rather team manager, but he would come to the pitch sometimes when we were doing exercises, discussing the game plan or its principles, which he easily understood as he is a former player. &ldquo;Whether he is able to surprise me or not will be down to the players.&rdquo; Celtic will be playing the match in honour of their late lifetime chairman, Petrus Molemela, who died on Sunday. Club chief executive Khumbulani Konco confirmed yesterday that Molemela would be buried at the Dr Petrus Molemela Stadium on Tuesday, with the service starting at 8am.