THE PITSOS were heartbroken when their son was found dead in the bush. But they had no idea that even more horror was awaiting them. AFTER BURYING LESANG, THE FAMILY CONTINUED TO RECEIVE MESSAGES FROM THE DEAD MAN&rsquo;S CELLPHONE!&nbsp; It&rsquo;s obvious to the family that someone involved in the death of their son is using his phone and is posting from his profile on Facebook! But the Pitsos, from extension 12 of Kagiso in Mogale City, west of Joburg, told Daily Sun when they asked the police to investigate the messages, officers told them they couldn&rsquo;t do anything &ndash; because they were coming from a dead man!Lesang&rsquo;s father, Pitso Pitso (61) said his 31-year-old son was working as a security guard at the time of his death in June last year. &ldquo;After knocking off, Lesang was given a lift by a colleague, who dropped him at the traffic light near Leratong Hospital,&rdquo; said Pitso. &ldquo;He was walking home with a friend when they were attacked. Lesang was stabbed to death in front of his friend.&ldquo;The killers then stabbed the friend before throwing him in front of a moving taxi. Both men died on the scene.&rdquo; He said after the burial of his son in June, members of his family started receiving SMSes, WhatsApp messages and Facebook posts from his phone. &ldquo;He checks in around Kagiso and at malls around Joburg on social media, tagging and inviting family members to join him.&ldquo;Some family members have received calls from his number asking when they can meet the person on the other end of the line,&rdquo; said Pitso. &ldquo;It brings fresh tears knowing that he is dead and buried, but still receiving messages and phone calls from his number.&rdquo; He said the family was terrified when the messages first started coming and reported it to Kagiso cop shop. &ldquo;We tried to speak to the investigating officer but he said he couldn&rsquo;t investigate the dead.&rdquo; Lesang&rsquo;s mum, Mavis, said finding out who was using the phone could help with the murder case but the police were not taking the family seriously. &ldquo;The investigating officer doesn&rsquo;t update us on the case and he&rsquo;s not listening to information connected with murder.&rdquo; Mavis said all she wanted was for the police to keep in touch with her family and to find out who was sending the messages. Gauteng police spokesman, Captain Mavela Masondo, confirmed a case of murder was being investigated by the Kagiso police but said no suspect had been arrested. He promised to arrange a meeting to speak to the family and to follow up on the case.