AMAJITA coach Thabo Senong confessed yesterday that he was annoyed with his defence which has conceded five goals in their last two matches at the Africa Youth Cup of Nations currently underway in Zambia.He must be worried that their dream of winning the tournament could come to an abrupt end tomorrow when they face Zambia in the semifinals at the National Heroes Stadium in Lusaka at 6pm.In the other semifinal, Guinea will face off with Senegal at Levy Mwanawasa Stadium in Ndola on Thursday.Senong shared his concerns following their 3-1 win against Sudan, which paved their way to the semifinals and secured SA&rsquo;s third spot at Fifa&rsquo;s Under-20 World Cup in South Korea from 20 May to 11 June.The conceded goal was the result of sloppy defending that saw Khaled Osman punish Amajita, but they bounced back to win the match. Their worst match was their second Group B game, where Senegal came from two goals down to win the match 4-3.Said Senong: &ldquo;We are not happy at all with any of our three matches, especially as far as our defending is concerned. Our players tend to panic in critical stages of the match. We have conceded a lot of goals &ndash; six in total is not good.&rdquo;But he is hopeful going into the semifinals, claiming Amajita went into the tournament as underdogs &ldquo;and nobody gave us a chance&rdquo;. Added Senong: &ldquo;Even now, in the semifinals, no one thinks we have a chance of succeeding. It&rsquo;s always nice to be underdogs, because you are forced to work very hard.&rdquo; Meanwhile, midfielder Sibongakonke Mbatha says the key for them is to stay focused.&ldquo;As a team we are very excited about making it to the semi finals. We know what Zambia are capable of &ndash; all we need to do is stay focused. We will give it our best shot to reach the finals,&rdquo; said Mbatha.Amajita completed the group stages as group runners-up with six points. Senegal had a point more than them. Amajita know very well what to expect from Junior Chipolopolo as the two teams have met three times in the space of three months. In the three meetings, Amajita lost to Zambia twice. They lost both the Cosafa Cup final and an international friendly 2-1 before playing to a 1-1 draw in a Youth Afcon preparation match.