BAFANA BAFANA star Keagan Dolly is finding the going tough in France since his move from African champions Mamelodi Sundowns to Montpellier in January. But the Westbury born star is determined to succeed. The midfielder was happy to have helped Bafana defeat Guinea-Bissau 3-1 and draw 0-0 against Angola in friendly internationals in the Fifa break.Speaking yesterday before jetting back to rejoin his French club, the 24-year-old confided that he was struggling at his new club due to the language barrier and new playing conditions.Said Dolly: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s been very difficult. Nobody even spoke to me for the first couple of weeks. I played with my phone and went home to my apartment after training in those early days. Now I&rsquo;m taking French lessons.&rdquo;Dolly also said Bafana&rsquo;s other French based player, striker Kermit Eramus who plays for Lens, gave him some advice to overcome the language barrier: &ldquo;Kermit said to try and pick up words here and there, which would help me get by.&rdquo;Dolly said he was determined to adapt to Montpellier&rsquo;s style of play: &ldquo;Apart from the language barrier, the soccer in France is totally different to what I&rsquo;m used to in SA. It&rsquo;s something I will have to adapt to. But I&rsquo;m willing to learn.&rdquo;Dolly, who played a key role in helping Downs win the Caf Champions League last year, explained: &ldquo;Sometimes I play as a midfielder or as an out-and-out winger. I like to play quick one-twos but that does not work there. So I had to learn a new style. I&rsquo;ve not been happy with my performance. I know I can and must improve.&rdquo;Dolly said the fact that new coach Jean-Louis Gassett replaced Frederic Hantz days after Dolly&rsquo;s arrival in Montpellier, took some adjusting to: &ldquo;The new coach does not speak English &ndash; in fact, very few people in France speak English. But he is a good coach and tells us not to worry about relegation. He says if we can pick up a couple of wins we will be out of danger. He does not want us to feel under pressure. &rdquo;