WITH their Under-20 World Cup objective already achieved, Mzansi&rsquo;s junior national team will look to do the unthinkable and eliminate the Africa Youth Cup of Nations host nation Zambia in their semifinal showdown at the National Heroes Stadium in Lusaka tonight (6pm). Amajita and Zambia will renew their rivalry in an all-southern African region clash in front of a capacity crowd. It&rsquo;s a battle between David versus Goliath as the hosts are the bookmakers&rsquo; favourites to clinch the junior continental title. Both are part of the group that will represent the region at the U-20 World Cup in South Korea from 20 May to 11 June. And the Zambians got the better of Amajita not once but twice recently. They defeated Amajita 2-1 to win the Cosafa Cup final in the North West in December and repeated the scoreline when they defeated Amajita in a friendly game in Lusaka last month. The host nation will hope their recent form will continue to help them win the tournament on home soil. They boast a 100% record with three straight wins in the group stages. Junior Chipolopolo scored a staggering 10 goals to top Group A with nine points and are overwhelming favourites to win the competition. Amajita coach Thabo Senong, who guided his team to a second place in the group stages with six points, just one point behind group winners Senegal, agrees that the Zambians are the big favourites. But the coach, who is quite comfortable with their underdogs tag, said Amajita would fight tooth and nail against the formidable Zambian team. Senong is fully aware that the Zambians travelled to Europe to prepare their team for the tournament and knows the great amount of support they are getting from the nation as a whole. But he insists that it&rsquo;s not impossible for his soldiers to do the unthinkable. Senong said: &ldquo;The Zambians are the clear favourites but we know what we have to do to win the game. We are the underdogs but we want to give the people of Zambia a good game.&rdquo; Sibongakonke Mbatha, who is expected to play a key role in this match, said the boys were raring to go. Mbatha said: &ldquo;It won&rsquo;t be an easy match but we are confident that we will win the game. I hope to score to help my team win.&rdquo;