PLATINUM Stars head coach Cavin Johnson has been doing his homework ahead of Dikwena&rsquo;s trip to Kitende to face Uganda&rsquo;s Vipers in the first round, first leg of the Caf Confederation Cup at St Mary&rsquo;s Stadium on Saturday.Johnson&rsquo;s side go into the match on a high after recording their third straight Absa Premiership win by beating Golden Arrows 2-0 on Tuesday.Said the coach: &ldquo;I have managed to get some information and footage of Vipers&rsquo; recent matches and they are a decent side. I now have a better idea of what to expect from them. &ldquo;Ugandan sides are always tough and difficult to beat, Vipers will be no different. I had no info when we played Mozambique&rsquo;s Uniao Do Songo in the preliminary round &ndash; at least this time we have some info to help us.&rdquo;Johnson is not going to hang around in Uganda. The squad flies to Kampala tomorrow and will return home on Sunday to prepare for a Nedbank Cup Last 32 game against NFD side AmaZulu at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium next Wednesday.Kitende is halfway between the capital Kampala and Entebbe.Johnson said Tuesday&lsquo;s win over Arrows, which pushed them into the top eight for the first time this season, was just the tonic the side needed ahead of the trip to Uganda: &ldquo;Winning our third game in a row was a major, major boost. The spirit in the camp is sky high now. &ldquo;I&rsquo;ve always been a competitor, whether it be for the league or top eight. Now we are back, fighting for the top eight. &ldquo;But first we need to get a result in Uganda and my goal is to go as far as possible in the competition.&rdquo;Johnson says playing in Africa won&rsquo;t derail Dikwena&rsquo;s top eight hopes: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s about recovery and rest. Our backroom staff have been brilliant in keeping the players fresh. We also need to be mentally fit as well.&rdquo;Bonginkosi Ntuli, who is having a great season, and Tintswalo Tshabalala scored against Arrows and will play a prominent role against Vipers.Vipers have a brand new coach in former FC Porto star Jorge da Costa, who will have to hit the ground running as he faces a tough baptism of fire in his first game in charge against Dikwena after only being appointed on Tuesday.