GOLDEN Arrows coach Clinton Larsen is keeping his fingers crossed that six injured senior players are match fit when the Absa Premiership resumes on 1 April.The desperate Larsen was forced to promote MDC players as cover for the injured players in their last three matches. Kagisho Dikgacoi, Danny Phiri, Philani Cele, Limbikani Mzava, Chiukepo Msowoya and Vuyani Ntanga were all missing when Abafana Bes&rsquo;thende played two KwaZulu-Natal derbies against Maritzburg United and Platinum Stars respectively. Having already spent a whole week without playing competitive football and with two more weeks of recess to come before they take on Highlands Park on 1 April, Larsen is breathing a sigh of relief. &ldquo;It has been a busy schedule for us in the last few months and it has taken a toll on my players,&rdquo; said Larsen. &ldquo;The last couple of weeks have been a nightmare for us. We were hit hard by injuries &ndash; the core of the team was out injured.&rdquo; He added: &ldquo;This two-week break couldn&rsquo;t have come at a better time for us. We really needed it. It will give players enough time to recuperate. Their bodies need to relax and their minds too. &ldquo;This also gives those who are out injured some extra time to heal. I have spoken to team doctors and they have given me a glimmer of hope that those players will be ready for our next match.&rdquo;Abafana Bes&rsquo;thende are in seventh position in the Premiership table. Once the Fifa international break is over, Larsen will be looking to consolidate their spot in the top eight. He said now that injured players were on the road to recovery, things could only get better for the Durban side. The former Bloemfontein Celtic coach also shared his views on his side&rsquo;s Nedbank Cup Last 16 draw. Arrows have been drawn against African and PSL champions Mamelodi Sundowns. He said: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s best to play against Sundowns in the early stages of the tournament. I know no one will give us a chance against them, but I believe in my players. Victory against them will certainly boost our confidence that we can go all the way.&rdquo;