SHE DREW the lucky number and she was ready and willing to do the work. But instead of getting the job she claims she got insulted and humiliated. YOU ARE TOO FAT TO WORK, THE OFFICIAL ALLEGEDLY TOLD HER TOO HER FACE. Now Nomfundiso &ldquo;Dolly&rdquo; Budaza (25) from Bathurst, near Port Alfred, Eastern Cape is so humiliated she can&rsquo;t face her community. Officials from Ndlambe Municipality were in Bathurst earlier this year. Dolly said the officials said that those who were not working should come to the Solomon Mahlangu Community Hall on 25 January, where they would hire people to work at the township stadium. Desperate for work, Dolly went to the hall along with other jobseekers.She said the officials started by recruiting people who would work at the stadium, where they are doing renovations.When they reached the target number, they sent the remainder of the candidates home, except for those who had matric.&ldquo;They said they needed people to be meter readers around Port Alfred and Bathurst,&rdquo; said Dolly.&ldquo;I have matric so I stayed behind with the others.&rdquo;Dolly explained that the applicants were given numbers and the numbers were placed in a box. Then the numbers were drawn and those who had the matching numbers got the jobs.&ldquo;I was one of the lucky ones whose number was drawn,&rdquo; said Dolly.&ldquo;But instead of getting the job I was humiliated.&rdquo;She said the official told her they could not give her the job because she was too fat, so they chose another number.&ldquo;I could not hold back my tears. I was embarrassed and humiliated. Everyone was laughing at me, telling me I am so big I can&rsquo;t even get a job.&rdquo; Dolly&rsquo;s mother, Nonkululeko Budaza (50) said it has been more than a month now since that terrible day but her daughter has still not recovered. &ldquo;They destroyed her and I want them to fix this. I don&rsquo;t care how they do it but my daughter was humiliated and I want them to do something about it,&rdquo; said Nonkululeko.Ndlambe municipal spokesman Khululekile Mbolekwa said the woman accused of embarrassing Dolly denied the allegation. &ldquo;I spoke to the official and she told me she never said anything like that,&rdquo; claimed Mbolekwa. He said nothing more can be done about the incident. &ldquo;We can&rsquo;t do anything because the official said she did not say anything about the lady&rsquo;s weight,&rdquo; claimed Mbolekwa. He claimed only men were being employed in those positions and the holder of the number was not given the job because she is a woman. But, strangely, Mbolekwa then indicated that some women were employed as meter readers after all.