SUPERSPORT UNITED&rsquo;S Thabo Mnyamane says it puzzles him how other African countries continue being dominant while their resources are not as adequate as those in Mzansi.Mnyamane was speaking ahead of their Caf Confederation Cup first-round match against Al-Ahly Shendi at the Shendi Stadium tonight (6.30pm). Matsatsantsa a Pitori will be looking to get the better of the Sudanese to have an upper hand in the return leg next Sunday. The 24-year-old, who is having his first experience of the African continent, says he expects a tough game from Shendi. Said Mnyamane: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s a good experience for me, so far. It&rsquo;s my first continental competition. I believe I&rsquo;m growing and learning as a player. &ldquo;When we went to Madagascar, it was an eye-opener. I learned that as South Africans we take things for granted. People&rsquo;s lifestyle there was not conducive for me. I&rsquo;m learning on the field of play as well.&rdquo; South Africa has been struggling in continental competitions, missing several Africa Cup of Nations tournament, including this year&rsquo;s, which was held in Gabon. Mnyamane said it was astonishing that West and North African countries were stronger than Bafana. He said: &ldquo;I believe South Africa have a great domestic league and great players. &lsquo;The whole of Africa also has good players, but if I had a chance to do research on that, I would. I&rsquo;m struggling to find a reason why can&rsquo;t South Africa reach Ghana or Nigeria&rsquo;s level. &ldquo;Hopefully, one day we&rsquo;ll get an answer, and I don&rsquo;t know why.&rdquo; Mnyamane admits they won&rsquo;t have an easy run against Shendi. He said they will have to put in hard work and hope to overpower the hosts in their own backyard. &ldquo;It will be a tough one being in a different surrounding, different atmosphere. But every time we don the jersey we go for a win, we want nothing less than a win. They are aggressive and play with their hearts. They strive for excellence and hard work. For us South Africans, we have a bit of flair and talent and some things come easier for us. We need to put in the work when we go that side. I am learning that hard work beats talent when talent works out, he said.