EX-BAFANA Bafana head coach Ephraim &ldquo;Shakes&rdquo; Mashaba could walk away with R6 million or nothing! Mashaba, who was fired by the SA Football Association (Safa) in December, takes his unfair dismissal case to the arbitration board of the Commission for Conciliation, Mediation and Arbitration (CCMA) today. The case is expected to last until Thursday but it could be longer. Mashaba&rsquo;s legal representative, Claudio Bollo, is expecting a fight: &ldquo;We&rsquo;re up for the fight. It&rsquo;s all good from our side. Our aim is to get Mashaba reinstated as Bafana head coach. &ldquo;Failing that, we are seeking compensation. In a case like this the amount Safa would have to pay would be up to the CCMA commissioner&rsquo;s discretion. It could be 12 months&rsquo; salary in such a case. But it is difficult to say what amount the commissioner will decide on should it go that route.&rdquo; Mashaba (66) is believed to have earned R500 000 month as Bafana head coach and could go home with a massive boost for his pension should the CCMA rule he has to be compensated rather than reinstated. However, should Mashaba fail to convince the CCMA&rsquo;s arbitration board he was unfairly dismissed and loses his case, he would get nothing. Said Bollo: &ldquo;If we lose then that&rsquo;s it. It will be over. &ldquo;So there is a lot riding on this hearing.&rdquo; Bollo advised Safa not to hire a new coach until the matter is resolved. However, Safa president Danny Jordaan is expected to make an announcement on Mashaba&rsquo;s successor either tomorrow or Thursday. Mashaba failed last week to interdict Safa at the Labour Court to prevent the association from appointing a new coach in his place. Bollo said: &ldquo;My plea to Safa is to wait until this hearing is finalised before naming a new coach. We are confident we have a good case for Mashaba to be reinstated.&rdquo; Mashaba was axed after a Safa disciplinary hearing in December, in which he was found guilty of gross misconduct, insubordination and bringing Safa into disrepute. He had gone on a verbal rant against Jordaan, Safa CEO Dennis Mumble and the media.