UNDER-FIRE Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger reacted to his side s humiliating 5-1 Champions League loss to Bayern Munich on Tuesday by blaming the referee.Rather than criticise his players for another mauling by the ruthless German side, Wenger directed his frustration at Greek official Tasos Sidiropoulos, whose performance he called scandalous after Arsenal had suffered a 10-2 aggregate defeat.Wenger, out of contract at the end of the season and seemingly edging towards the exit after nearly 21 years in charge, was angry that Theo Walcott was denied a penalty shortly after his goal had fuelled hope of a miraculous comeback.He accused Sidiropoulos of killing his side in sending off skipper Laurent Koscielny after the defender had conceded the penalty that saw Robert Lewandowski level matters. I felt that we produced a performance with the spirit and pride that we wanted and after that the story finished badly, said Wenger, who has now presided over seven consecutive Last 16 exits in the Champions League. We were unlucky tonight at 1-0 in the first half with a definite penalty on Walcott and in the second half the referee killed the game. After that it was very difficult, the Frenchman added. The referee was very powerful tonight. Not only was it not a penalty but Lewandowski was also offside. On top of that he gives us a red card that killed us completely. I think it was unexplainable, it s scandalous. Bayern are a good side but tonight they can say thanks to the referee. Wenger s team have lost three of their last four Premier League games to slip out of the top four and some fans held banners calling on him to go at the end of the season. Stubborn, Stale, Clueless read one placard while chants of Arsene Wenger, we want you to go could be heard outside the ground.Wenger (67) cut a dejected figure as Bayern ran riot in the final 20 minutes with Arjen Robben, Douglas Costa and two goals from Arturo Vidal inflicting their biggest home defeat for 19 years. The players did not let me down, the referee let us down, Wenger said, rejecting any idea that his players had given up.Arsenal can redeem themselves in Saturday s FA Cup quarterfinal against fifth-tier Lincoln City, but even lifting that trophy might not save Wenger. REUTERS