SUPERSPORT United coach Stuart Baxter will field his top soldiers to get the best result in their first leg against Sudan&rsquo;s Al-Ahly Shendi this weekend. Matsatsantsa a Pitori leave for Sudan tomorrow for their first round, first leg Caf Confederation Cup match at Shendi Stadium on Sunday. Baxter says early rounds of continental competitions can be difficult, as some of the teams are fresh into the new season in their leagues.One of the soldiers Baxter will rely on is ace winger Thabo Mnyamane, who was named Man of the Match after Tuesday&rsquo;s 1-1 Absa Premiership draw with Orlando Pirates at Orlando Stadium.As SuperSport&rsquo;s matches are starting to pile up and with the coach having to keep players fresh and full of vigour, Baxter said rotating players and prioritising competitions would come into the equation. He said the further teams progress in such tournaments the more their confidence grew, enabling them to go even further. Said Baxter: &ldquo;We talk about rotating the squad and prioritising tournaments &ndash; and I am a fan of neither. You rotate the squad, you lose consistency. I don&rsquo;t like it but you have to do it because of the unbelievable schedule. &ldquo;I don&rsquo;t like saying one cup is more important than another. I think you have to judge where your best chance for silverware lies.&rdquo;Baxter admits they have a tough task ahead of them but said they would field the strongest team as they have to get a positive result and put themselves in a strong position when they host Al-Ahly Shendi in the return leg next weekend.&ldquo;It&rsquo;s difficult in the early rounds because you play against teams who are either not in season, haven&rsquo;t played 20 games like us &ndash; or they have just started. We have a little bit but not a lot of information on them &ndash; we know their basic shape. It&rsquo;s important to understand the nature of the game,&rdquo; he said. Baxter is somewhat frustrated with how his charges have been performing in the Absa Premiership. The former Bafana Bafana mentor believes some of the matches they have drawn this season should have been victories.SuperSport have gone 19 matches unbeaten. The last match they lost was to Platinum Stars last August.He said: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s my own record I am trying to break. There&rsquo;s a tinge of pride and a tinge of frustration because of those games I think at least five should have been victories. That would have been a real record. &ldquo;There are too many draws there for me to be happy.&rdquo;