MZANSI&rsquo;S long jump sensation Luvo Manyonga is going places this season! Coach Neil Cornelius says the lanky jumper is hungry for success. After smashing the African and South African long jump record recently, the Olympic silver medallist wants to make a lasting impression at the Diamond League Series in Shanghai, China, in May. Manyonga leapt to an astonishing distance of 8,62m at the Gauteng North provincial track championships last week to break the SA record of 8,50m held by another Olympic silver medallist, Khotso Mokoena. The 26-year-old shattered Mokoena&rsquo;s eight-year-old record in style at the University of Pretoria to make a bold statement in the early stages of the season. Manyonga&rsquo;s previous personal best was 8,48m and he now wants to take on the best and defeat them at the highest level. Cornelius says their main focus is on the IAAF World Championships in London, England, in August. He said: &ldquo;I&rsquo;m happy with his distance &ndash; that was a bonus jump. The best of Luvo is yet to come, you haven&rsquo;t seen anything yet. &ldquo;We are still working on his fitness and conditioning. &ldquo;We knew he would break the SA record, what we didn&rsquo;t know was that he would do it so soon!&rdquo; There is stiff competition from Mokoena, Zarck Visser and Rushwal Samaai who are all pushing for the No 1 spot in the long jump pecking order. Cornelius says Manyonga is motivated by the competition the trio offer him and that he plans to double his efforts to be the best in SA. The coach said: &ldquo;The competition from the others is extra motivation for Luvo. &ldquo;They are pushing him to work harder and this will make him a better athlete at the World Champs. We are not going to London just to make up the numbers &ndash; we want a medal at the championships.&rdquo; Manyonga is one of the most energetic athletes in the country and keeping him in line is not easy. Cornelius said: &ldquo;We just try to keep him focused and motivated. Luvo gets excited and is full of energy. He is growing as an athlete and is developing the right attitude to do even better.&rdquo;