HIGHLANDS Park coach, Gordon Igesund, says there&rsquo;s no need for their fans to press the panic button.Although, the Tembisa-based side are involved in the relegation battle, Igesund is confident they will retain their PSL status come end of season. The Lions of the North face fellow relegation candidates, Free State Stars, in an Absa Premiership match at Goble Park, in Bethlehem today (3.30pm). Highlands are second from bottom, with four points behind Ea Lla Koto on 14 points from 19 outings, while a point separates them from bottom club Baroka FC. Said Igesund: &ldquo;This is not a must-win for us. We&rsquo;ll get something out of this game and a draw won&rsquo;t be a bad result. We know where we will get the points.&rdquo; The outspoken mentor says players don&rsquo;t need extra motivation because they know what&rsquo;s at stake. He went on: &ldquo;They know their jobs are on the line. They can&rsquo;t return to the National First Division because they won&rsquo;t get the same salary. They know what they want and they will work hard to be in the Premier League.&rdquo; Igesund says they have taken some positives from their two successive defeats by the same margin (1-0) to SuperSport United and Kaizer Chiefs. &ldquo;The spirit in the camp is high and the players are in a good frame of mind. Although, we conceded from a set-piece, our defence has been solid and we are playing well. We know the upcoming match will be tough for us and Stars.&rdquo; Igesund is wary of the danger posed by Stars attack led by striker, Moeketsi Sekola, who is bound to join them in June. Sekola has signed a three-year pre-contract agreement with Highlands. &ldquo;They have a couple of good players like Sekola, Venter (Danny), and Paulos (Masehe). But we&rsquo;re not worried too much about how they play, instead we have focused on our own game.&rdquo; Igesund revealed he might throw his latest recruit, Fikru Lemessa, in the deep end as his striker Collins Mbesuma has yet to fully recover from a knee injury. Explained Igesund: &ldquo;We&rsquo;re fighting around the clock to get him ready and we hope he will be available for selection within the next two weeks.&rdquo;