SUPERSPORT United wasted a great chance to return to the top of Absa Premiership table last night when they were held to a 1-1 draw by struggling Orlando Pirates at Orlando Stadium.Pirates winger Thembinkosi Lorch rescued a point for his side in the 76th minute when he cancelled Thabo Mnyamane&rsquo;s 55th minutes lead.The Tshwane side are still third on the league table, a point behind leaders Bidvest Wits on 37 points from 20 games. Wits are tied with Cape Town City at the summit, but they have a better goal difference. Pirates still occupy 10th spot on 23 points from the same number of matches.Pirates were desperate for their first win in 2017 and were hoping to avenge the humiliating 6-1 defeat to SuperSport in the league clash played in November last year. The defeat was unbearable considering that Muhsin Ertugral resigned as Bucs coach immediately after the game. Bucs goalkeeper Brighton Mhlongo came into the match eager to avoid silly mistakes that saw him concede the six goals on the night. Pirates were hoping Lady Luck will smile on them as they have now gone 12 games without a win in all competition.The last time they had tasted victory in the league was on 22 November when they beat Chippa United 1-0 in Port Elizabeth.Pirates new coach Kjell Jonevret was hoping to register his first win having drawn 1-1 against Polokwane City during his first match at the helm, while he also guided his charges to hold fierce rivals Kaizer Chiefs by the same margin in their last league game played at the FNB Stadium at the weekend. Jonevret retained the same starting line-up that showed an improved performances against Amakhosi. On the other hand, SuperSport needed points badly to return to the top of league table having displayed a below par performance when they played a goalless draw with Ajax Cape Town in their last game. United coach Stuart Baxter made only one change to his starting line-up that played The Urban Warriors as he brought in defender Mario Booysens for the injured Clayton Daniels.Both teams had a scrappy first half with Pirates players struggling to repeat the form that kept their fans on the edge of their seats in the derby. The teams performances improved after the break and Mnyamane took advantage of Bucs defensive blunders to grab the lead with a low shot, while Lorch ensured that his side get a point when he leveled matters with a clinical finish from inside the penalty box.