DIGNITARIES, friends, fellow actors and performers spoke with feeling at Joe Mafela&rsquo;s memorial service.&nbsp; They all spoke with one voice.&nbsp; HE WAS A HUMBLE MAN WHO RESPECTED THE NEXT PERSON IN EVERYTHING HE DID. Family friends, fans, politicians and veterans of the entertainment industry yesterday packed out the Joburg Theatre to pay tribute to Joe Mafela.Joe&rsquo;s young brother Paul Mafela said Joe was not just his brother. &ldquo;He was like my father. He was a friend and a mentor.&ldquo;My brother was always happy at home and with the people around him. He was the leader in our family and we all looked up to him.&rdquo;Joe&rsquo;s son, Jimmy, started his speech by beating a drum. He said his father always liked that. Jimmy said his father poured love on all his children.&ldquo;He had no issues with any human being. He was never jealous. That is why he was loved by so many people,&rdquo; he said.&ldquo;My father was a natural comedian.&ldquo;He made us laugh at home and when we travelled. &ldquo;He was a hard worker with a great passion for acting. He gave hope to many young actors.&rdquo;Peter Ntamo, Joe&rsquo;s brother in-law, said Joe had a knack with human relationships. &ldquo;He always attended family gatherings.&ldquo;Joe was a God-fearing man. He put God first in everything he did.&rdquo;The family gathered to the sound of Shebeleza on stage and danced to the memory of the legend.At the time of his death, Joe was playing the role of Tebogo on Generations: The Legacy.The show&rsquo;s executive producer, Mfundi Vundla, said Joe brought many viewers to the SABC and the soapie. &ldquo;His death is a great loss.&rdquo; Vundla said the SABC&rsquo;s Studio Five will be named after Mafela.Among the many celebrities and veterans at the theatre yesterday were Patrick Shai, Welcome Msomi, Condry Ziqubu, Abigail Kubeka, Portia Gumede, Zizi Kodwa, Faith Mazibuko and many others.Mafela died last Saturday night in a car accident when a bakkie hit his car on the M1 highway. Mafela was coming from his family home in Chiawelo, Soweto and was on his way to his home in Kew, Alexandra, Joburg.There will be another Mafela memorial service on Monday from 1pm to 4pm at the SABC offices.The funeral will be held next weekend.