VETERAN long-distance sensation, Johannes Kekana, is showing no signs of slowing down!The 45-year-old runner from Polokwane, in Limpopo, is showing youngsters a clean pair of heels as he continues to win major races.Kekana, who also doubles up as long-distance specialist Lucky Mohale&rsquo;s coach, is hoping to cause an upset at the Old Mutual Two Oceans Marathon in Cape Town next month.He also has unfinished business in the Comrades Marathon 87km up-run, which takes place from Durban to Pietermaritzburg on 4 June.His best finish in the Comrades was fifth place in 2013. But Kekana is optimistic he will go all the way this year.In the popular Two Oceans, dubbed the &ldquo;Comrades Marathon&rsquo;s dress rehearsal&rdquo;, Kekana will be making his sixth appearance in the Mother City&rsquo;s popular marathon event. His best finish was eighth place in 2013.Fresh from winning the Deloitte Marathon in Pretoria, where he registered 2 hours: 30 minutes: 10 seconds last week, Kekaka is already back in camp in Mpumalanga and preparing for his next two big races.In January, he won his first 42km marathon in Benoni. So far, he has won two major races in a row. He has vowed to leave no stone unturned in his quest to become the best athlete this year. Kekana said: &ldquo;Although age is catching up with me, I still believe I can win major races this season. I&rsquo;m in the best possible shape and ready to take on the Two Oceans marathon, and also go for the big one &ndash; the Comrades. &ldquo;I&rsquo;ve unfinished business in the Comrades and have a good feeling this will be my year to finally bring the title to Limpopo.&rdquo; Kekana&rsquo;s illustrious career started in 1997. He has won big races including the City 2 City Marathon, All Africa Games, SA marathon Championships and the Joburg Marathon. Kekana said: &ldquo;From last year October, I&rsquo;ve been in camp in Mpumalanga with youngsters. They push me to the limit in competitions, but I have experience on my side. It&rsquo;s tough, but I put in a lot of hard work.&rdquo;&nbsp;