AS ABSA Premiership log leaders Bidvest Wits prepare to enter the lion&rsquo;s den, coach Gavin Hunt is hoping for a positive result against African giants Al Ahly of Egypt in the Caf Champions League tie to be played at Cairo International Stadium on Saturday (6.30pm). The Clever Boys travel to Cairo for a date with the eight-time African champions in high spirits after they returned to the top of the Absa Premiership standings following a goalless draw away to Chippa United midweek. Hunt and his charges will fly out to the Egyptian capital today. The coach claims he has not seen the African Club of the Century in action recently, but admits the fact that Egypt reached the final of the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon last month makes them dangerous. The Students will be playing their biggest game in continental football and are eager to make history. Hunt said: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s a big game, no doubt about that. It&rsquo;s going to be a tough one but we are ready for the Egyptians.&rdquo; &ldquo;An ideal result for us would be a score draw. An away goal would make our job of getting to the next round much easier.&rdquo; Al Ahly played African champions Mamelodi Sundowns twice and Hunt had the opportunity to see them in action in the tie last year.But he was quick to add that a lot had changed since that tie, as they have a new team altogether. Hunt said: &ldquo;We are looking forward to the game but we don&rsquo;t know much about the team.&rdquo; &ldquo;They were a dominant force on the continent but seem to have dropped their standard and that makes it difficult for us going into the game.&rdquo; On getting a point against unpredictable Chilli Boys, Hunt said he was happy with the way his team battled their way to a draw in East London. Wits have 38 points from 19 matches and top the table due to their superior goal difference over second placed Cape Town City. Hunt said: &ldquo;A point against Chippa feels like a pot of gold. Many teams will return there with nothing. We&rsquo;re happy with a point.&rdquo;