YESTERDAY, the restaurant where a heated argument had broken out between a woman and a man released a video that shows the man had tried to grab a child. In the CCTV footage News24 has seen, a little girl walks towards the table of mum Lebohang Mabuya (33) and says something while she shakes her head. While they are speaking, a man walks towards them and points aggressively. The man grabs the girl&rsquo;s arm and pulls her towards him. Lebohang pulls the child back towards her, stands up and starts pointing at him. The man walks away, but returns after Lebohang shouts at him and then lifts the table. The man&rsquo;s partner tries to calm him down and they leave. Spur said it will speak to its lawyers about releasing the footage and weigh up the options.Lebohang said yesterday her son had suffered emotional trauma. &ldquo;My son is seven, and wherever he goes, children tell him they saw his mother shouting in the video. I wish the media attention would go away for his sake.&rdquo;A video recording of the incident has been trending on social media. It shows Lebohang and a middle-aged man swearing at each other in the Texamo Spur in the Glen Mall on Sunday. Lebohang, who is a nurse, said she was drained from all the media interest. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s overwhelming, and with my job, I don&rsquo;t always have my phone with me and so I am tired of receiving so many missed calls,&rdquo; she said. &ldquo;I saw the trauma my son experienced and decided not to press any charges. &ldquo;I had to sit him down and explain that the language used was not allowed. I told him we are all Africans regardless of our skin colour and fighting does not resolve anything. &ldquo;I don&rsquo;t want him to go ahead and think that he can get what he wants from fighting.&ldquo;There are no hard feelings because I don&rsquo;t hate him or anything, but for the sake of peace I think it&rsquo;s best if we do not meet. If he or I apologise, it would be trivial.Economic Freedom Fighters&rsquo; spokesman Mbuyiseni Ndlozi said they are trying to get more details to engage the bully. &ndash; NEWS24