FREE State Stars have set new head coach Serame Letsoaka a target of 12 points from their remaining nine Absa Premiership matches in a bid to avoid relegation. Ea Lla Koto, who are second from bottom with 19 points and four ahead of Baroka FC, play Orlando Pirates at Orkney&rsquo;s James Motlatsi Stadium tomorrow (6pm). Letsoaka will be hoping to get a much-needed win against unpredictable Bucs.Stars general manager Rantsi Mokoena said he was pleased with the progress made by Letsoaka since he joined the club in January and believed the coach was the man to lead them out of trouble.Said Mokoena yesterday: &ldquo;Twelve points, that&rsquo;s the bottom line. I reckon that will be enough to see us safe. We have been very happy with Serame&rsquo;s input and we&rsquo;re confident we&rsquo;ll stay clear of the relegation zone. But our next two games against Pirates and Baroka (away on 11 April) will be vital.&rdquo;Mokoena said Letsoaka was aware of the fact Pirates had improved under their new coach Kjell Jonevret, who has registered three draws and a Nedbank Cup win since he took charge.Said Mokoena: &ldquo;The new coach at Pirates has made a difference but our new coach has also improved our team. And to be honest, we&rsquo;re not afraid of Pirates, as I believe that pound for pound Stars are as good as any team. We can more than hold our own.&rdquo;Ea Lla Koto lost to Highlands Park and Maritzburg United and drew with Ajax Cape Town in their last three league matches, and Mokoena believes there is no better time to bounce back than against Pirates.Mokoena said the recent two-week Fifa break was a blessing for Letsoaka and his players: &ldquo;We enjoyed the break. We are well rested and it also gave the coach time to do some extra work with the players, rectifying mistakes made in those games.&rdquo;Letsoaka will again rely on strikers Mohamed Anas and Thokozani Sekotlong to unlock the Pirates defence.Jonevret will also have used the two weeks to get to know his players better. He will be looking for his first league win to move his side closer to the top eight.