ALTHOUGH it appeared as if Jacob Sakala and his technical team were suspended at the drop of a hat, Baroka FC CEO Morgan Mammila says the team doesn&rsquo;t make decisions based on emotions. Mammila vowed last week that they would make changes regarding underperforming players but said &ldquo;that is not based on anger or emotion&rdquo;. He said he was confident Baroka would turn the corner in their Limpopo derby against Polokwane City at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Sunday and against Kaizer Chiefs on 18 March. Out of 19 matches played in their maiden PSL season so far, Baroka have only won two, drawing seven and losing a whopping 10. This sees them languishing at the bottom of the table with a disappointing 13 points and minus-17 goal difference, with 30 goals scored against them. They have only collected a single point in their last five matches.The chief executive said their next two matches would motivate their players to improve and register their first victory of the year. They will also come up against SuperSport United, Free State Stars and Maritzburg United as they try to accumulate points.Said Mammila: &ldquo;Luck has deserted us &ndash; we are not playing badly. But no one is panicking. We will turn the corner, it&rsquo;s just a matter of time.&rdquo;Baroka are left with 11 games to complete the season and Mammila believes they can collect enough of the 33 points on offer. He added: &ldquo;If we can take 20 points from the 33 available in the remaining matches, we will survive. I am not worried about relegation. Maritzburg United were in a similar position last season but they were able to retain their league status in the last match. We may do the same.&rdquo;However, Baroka coach Kgoloko Thobejane is worried about their defence, which has conceded eight goals in two matches, and the lack of motivation among the players. He said: &ldquo;Games are becoming fewer but we still have a chance. It will be over when the last whistle of the season is blown. &ldquo;Maybe this derby will give us something. Winning a derby will motivate us. We&rsquo;ll fight for the brand.&rdquo;He bemoaned the lack of experience among his charges. He said some of his players shiver when they had to face off with some prominent PSL players, which was a real problem.&ldquo;Football is not difficult. It is made difficult when players don&rsquo;t use their brains. You can&rsquo;t buy talent or experience.&rdquo;