NEITHER Mamelodi Sundowns head coach Pitso Mosimane nor his Chippa United counterpart Dan &ldquo;Dance&rdquo; Malesela will allow Tuesday&rsquo;s abandoned Absa Premiership match at Loftus Versfeld to derail their preparations for their respective matches today.Downs travel to the Cape Town Stadium to face joint leaders Cape Town City at the Cape Town Stadium while the Chilli Boys play Platinum Stars at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium. Both matches kick off at 8pm.Defending champions Downs&rsquo; match against the Chilli Boys at Loftus was abandoned two minutes from half-time with the remainder of the game completed yesterday morning, ultimately ending in a tame 0-0 draw.Both coaches described the marathon game as &ldquo;awkward.&rdquo;Said Mosimane: &ldquo;We dropped four points against Chippa this month. But other title contenders will also drop points and face glitches in the second round. We&rsquo;re still there, so I have to be happy with this point.&rdquo;Mosimane said he wanted his side to dig deeper against City: &ldquo;They have a really good attack. We need to keep the likes of Lehlohonolo Majoro, Lebogang Manyama and Aubrey Ngoma quiet.&rdquo;The coach was full of praise for the work done by City head coach Eric Tinkler: &ldquo;He is a really good coach. He was maybe never trusted or given a chance at Orlando Pirates. Now he got his chance at City and has taken it with both hands. He has done exceptionally well.&rdquo;Mosimane is praying his Liberian winger, Anthony Laffor, and Zimbabwean striker, Khama Billiat, will be fit for the City match. Both missed the &ldquo;two-day&rdquo; Chippa game.A win would see the Brazilians overtake City at the top of the table. City have 35 points and Downs have 33, but Mosimane&rsquo;s lads have four matches in hand.Meanwhile, Malesela said he was wary of Dikwena, who beat Bloemfontein Celtic 3-0 away at the weekend.Said Malesela: &ldquo;We used this game against Sundowns as a training exercise. It was dull, as I expected it to be, due to the fact we had to play it over two days.&ldquo;But it won&rsquo;t affect my plans for Stars on Friday. They have improved against Celtic and I expect a totally different type of game from them altogether.&rdquo;