TWO YEARS ago, Wandile Bozwana was murdered in cold blood, struck by at least nine bullets.&nbsp; Now, cops have finally linked Senzo Mncube to the alleged killers and they need your help to find him.&nbsp; BUT DON&rsquo;T GO NEAR HIM! HE IS DANGEROUS AND HEAVILY ARMED, WARN THE COPS. Brigadier Hangwani Mulaudzi, spokesman for the Hawks, said their investigation had linked Mncube to the murder.&ldquo;It took us about a year to link him to the case,&rdquo; said Mulaudzi.He said a warrant of arrest has been issued against Mncube and police are looking for him.He said Mncube owns several taxis, which are not registered under his real name, and he moves between Gauteng and KZN. He is in hiding and police are looking for him.&ldquo;Mncube is well known in KZN and maintains ties in Ulundi, Nongoma, Mahlabathini and Joburg,&rdquo; said Mulaudzi.&ldquo;We appeal to people with information of his whereabouts to report him to the nearest police station.&rdquo; However, Mulaudzi has warned that people should not approach him.He said Mncube owns several taxis.Bozwana died in the Unitas Hospital in October 2015 after he and a female companion, Mpho Baloyi, were shot while sitting in a car at a traffic light on the N1 Garsfontein off-ramp in Tshwane. A BMW M3 stopped and a man got out and shot both Bozwana and Baloyi.Baloyi survived but Bozwana, who had been shot at least nine times, didn&rsquo;t survive. Bozwana, who was the owner of Tsoga Developers, was involved in controversial tenders with the North West government. He also spoke openly about government corruption in that province. Bozwana&rsquo;s company was once embroiled in a court case with the North West government after the government took Tsoga to the Constitutional Court over the building of a hospital in Brits.Four men, Sipho Hudla (35), Robert Motapa (43), Bonginkosi Khumalo (37) and Vusi Mathibela (33) were arrested for the murder. Mathibela is out on R50 000 bail while the other three are still behind bars.Bozwana&rsquo;s family expressed their disappointment that the police were not communicating with them.&ldquo;We were not told that police were looking for another suspect,&rdquo; said Bozwana&rsquo;s older brother Benedict. &ldquo;They are not updating us on their investigations, as well as the case. It&rsquo;s very disappointing.&rdquo;