BAFANA Bafana captain Itumeleng Khune believes counter-attacks are the way to go against the big and bulky Guinea-Bissau players when they clash in a friendly match at Moses Mabhida Stadium in Durban tomorrow (3pm). The 29-year-old says the big, tall and physical AfricanWildDogs defenders will find it difficult to cope with Bafana&rsquo;s speedy forwards. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s never easy playing a team with big, tall players like Guinea-Bissau have. But we know those players are not the quickest. We, on the other hand, have pacy and skilful players up-front. &ldquo;The player in goal on the day will have to be quick with his ball distribution to set up counter-attacks. We must put the ball into spaces and behind defenders to allow our forwards to run at them. I think that will be key in our success on the day,&rdquo; said Khune. Bafana haven&rsquo;t lost in 10 matches and Khune has assured the team&rsquo;s faithful supporters that they will keep it that way. &ldquo;We have studied videos of them and know what we will be facing. &ldquo;We need to give them the respect they deserve. But they should know they&rsquo;re on our home turf and won&rsquo;t have it easy. &ldquo;Since this is a home game for us and we have a good run to protect, we will need to take the game to them. We have guys like Kermit Erasmus, Thabo Mnyamane and Percy Tau who are quick and skilled. We need to use them when we set up those counter-attacks.&rdquo; Not only will the skipper be looking to help Bafana continue their good run but he will also be adding to his impressive number of caps. Former Bafana skipper Aaron Mokoena still leads the pack with 107 caps, with Siphiwe Tshabalala second on 90. Khune is currently third on 82 caps &ndash; but the Kaizer Chiefs goalkeeper said it was not about him. &ldquo;I know I currently have 82 caps to my name but the game on Saturday is not about my personal achievement. &ldquo;Yes, I may be the captain but that doesn&rsquo;t guarantee me a starting spot. At the end of the day it&rsquo;s all about the team. Whoever the coach decides will start the match has to make sure he helps the team do well on the day.&rdquo;