THEIR school and classroom walls are crumbling, but still the matriculants managed to achieve a 75,5% pass rate. But while they wait for their promised new school, gangs have made their lives unbearable. So when Nkululeko High School&rsquo;s caretaker was the victim of a gang attack on Friday evening, pupils and parents decided to take to the streets yesterday morning. Hundreds of pupils protested, demanding a new school and an end to gangsterism. The gatvol pupils of KwaNobuhle, Uitenhage, claimed that a pigsty was better than their school of 1 255 pupils and closed off streets in the area with burning tyres as they and their parents carried placards. School caretaker Xolisile Klaas told Daily Sun he was about to go to sleep when five men kicked down his door. &ldquo;I overpowered one of them but one of his four friends threw a stone in my face and I collapsed. &ldquo;My girlfriend also tried to fight but they threw a gas container on her arm.&rdquo; The People&rsquo;s Paper recently covered news of gangsters at the school, with groups such as the Ugly Boys, Ntswembu Rush and Izikhotane each claiming their turf. SRC member Sivenathi Lamani (18) said every Monday when school starts they find their classrooms in a stinking mess. &ldquo;Blackboards are smeared with human waste while our desks are peed on. &ldquo;They also write ugly words on the chalkboards. And all the time our school&rsquo;s walls continue crumbling. One of these days it&rsquo;s going to cave in on us!&rdquo; SGB member Luvuyo Mbekela (46) said the department promised them in 2015 that a new school would be built. &ldquo;They also told us that because a new school would be built, the old one wouldn&rsquo;t be fenced. &ldquo;A date for the construction of the new school was given in 2015, but it never happened.&rdquo; Malibongwe Mtima, the provincial department of education&rsquo;s spokesman, told Daily Sun: &ldquo;The fencing project will start this week at Nkululeko High. Their school will be built no later than June this year. The project is in the current financial year.&rdquo;