WHY DOES this country hate women so much? I really don&rsquo;t get that we are the majority and still take the sh*t, rape and abuse.&ldquo;You are not a politician&rsquo;s daughter, so your rape case is not a priority,&rdquo; a young lady claimed she was told at Langlaagte Police Station.In Dube, Soweto, women stagger out of swamp areas holding R50 notes, given to them for taxi fare after a rape. In Malawi, women with albinism are hacked for stupid reasons.Are women to disguise themselves as men to feel safer &ndash; fat belly, pee stain and facial hair? Should they wear disguises so they are not raped by taxi drivers while trying to get home?Then, you have lesbians, who suffer at the hands of boys monthly. Many are raped by animals who insist a rape will &ldquo;un-lesbian&rdquo; them. Corrective rape is what it&rsquo;s ironically termed. Why are men so threatened by women that they attempt to regain power by raping them?So cowardly are many, they travel in packs to rape.So pathetic are South African men, that a Spur manager failed a mother who was being threatened by a matriculant on steroids. Should women leave Mzansi, seek asylum elsewhere or stand up for ourselves?Nah! Forget that. I say we stick it out.Below are tips for you, sisters:Stop calling a woman in a mini-skirt a whore. Protect sisters.Stop colluding with men to lure women to be raped by boys.Stop being drug mules, and work like everyone.Travel with others, and take pictures of the taxi, its driver, registration plates and passengers. Then, hit &ldquo;send&rdquo; when you board.Women, no one is coming to save you, so realise you are under siege. You are a target, and the sooner you realise that, the more alert you&rsquo;ll be in this Zoo.Below is how you can protect yourself:Arm yourself. Carry a weapon, as the aim is to kill you, so hack or stab. If it bleeds it can die. Take a self-defence course.Travel in groups as much as possible. Never accept opened drinks.Never take threats from any man, irrespective of race and amount of steroids. Stop being seen and not heard, ladies. Scream.Look, many of these rapists are cowards who rely on numbers to rape, humiliate or kill. So, fight back.