HAVING had his first taste of Nedbank Cup victory over a Premier Soccer League team, KwaDukuza United head coach Thami Ngubane has now set his sight on causing more upsets.The KwaZulu-Natal ABC Motsepe League side were the first minnows to draw blood against a top side this season when they knocked out Ajax Cape Town 4-3 on penalties at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium in Durban on Saturday. The high tempo match ended 2-2 after extra time. Prince Nxumalo scored both goals for Ajax while Lungelo Zondi and the Man of the Match Khulekani Ndlela scored for the home team, who came from behind twice to force the match into penalties. Ngubane said he wouldn&rsquo;t mind getting another PSL side when the round of 16 draw is conducted on Thursday. &ldquo;The win is good for the club and the region of KwaDukuza. I believe there&rsquo;s still more to come from this team,&rdquo; said Ngubane. &ldquo;For me in the next stage it is not important whom we meet. The important thing is that the players will get a platform to express themselves and show what they are capable of,&rdquo; the coach added.&ldquo;But it would be good to meet another PSL club because it makes my work a little easier. &ldquo;Planning against those teams is easier and you don&rsquo;t need to motivate the players. They are motivated by the knowledge that they are playing a big team.&rdquo;Ngubane&rsquo;s counterpart at Ajax, Stanley Menzo, did not take the defeat well. He said it had left a bitter taste in his mouth.&ldquo;Everyone who is involved with what happened today should be embarrassed &ndash; myself included. I&rsquo;m embarrassed. &ldquo;The players should apologise to the club for this,&rdquo; said Menzo.The Urban Warriors have now gone six matches without a win and are yet to taste victory in any competition in 2017. Their last victory was a 1-0 league win against Chippa United in 21 December.Menzo added: &ldquo;My biggest worry is that I don&rsquo;t know what affect this defeat will have on the players. Things haven&rsquo;t been going well for us lately and this was a good chance for the players to get their confidence back.&rdquo;