THEY say a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.And after covering my first full season of the MultiChoice Choice Diski Challenge, I was hand-picked to be part of the travelling crew to the Netherlands, with champions Mamelodi Sundowns.This was my first international trip. I saw a lot of things in the Netherlands and learned. This was a lifetime and eye-opener for me and Sundowns players. We visited four cities: Zwolle, Alkmaar, Amsterdam and Rotterdam where we were based.It&rsquo;s an amazing country with an even more amazing culture. The Dutch are independent and modern. A few days there and I realised that many of the citizens believe in equality for all, yet focus on individuality more than community.Respect from other Dutch citizens is not won via age or association, but through hard work and acquired skills.Last Sunday I got a chance to watch an Eredivisie League match between Ajax Amsterdam and Excelsior, which ended on a 1-1 draw.As I was watching the game I enjoyed a chat with an old guy who was sitting next to me, talking about our very own Thulani Serero about why he was not part of the Ajax squad.The old football fanatic started telling me the way the Dutch respect Serero&rsquo;s skills and all that, although he has been demoted to the development team.The Netherlands is a small densely populated, highly, urbanised and football-mad country.People&rsquo;s from this city are passionate about football, from development, up to professional ranks.The development Under-9 up to Under-15 train like professionals.They train twice a day and motivation is that their parents are always there during training sessions. They don&rsquo;t just drop them off and leave.There&rsquo;s huge support for local teams. Last Sunday, Excelsior hosted title-chasers Ajax and the stadium was packed to the rafters. Same thing happened on Wednesday night in an exhibition game between Feyenoor and FC Dorderecht. The De Kuip Stadium was packed, a sign that there&rsquo;s massive support for football in this country. VISITING Amsterdam Arena on Friday with Sundowns players was also the biggest highlight tour of the Netherlands. Thanks to MultiChoice for affording me the opportunity, I can only grow from this experience &ndash; and Sundowns players too will have learnt invaluable lessons in their careers and I&rsquo;m convinced they will go on to become superstar!