SOUTH African Under-20 coach Thabo Senong will be keeping his fingers crossed that Bidvest Wits will have either won the Absa Premiership or are out of the race by the time Amajita feature in the Fifa U-20 World Cup in South Korea from 20 May to 11 June.There could be another tug-of-war between the Clever Boys and the SA Football Association over the services of Wits&rsquo; budding 19-year-old star striker Phakamani Mahlambi, as the U-20 World Cup is not played on a Fifa sanctioned date.Wits only allowed their prized asset to join the Amajita squad midway through the recent Africa U-20 Cup of Nations in Zambia last month. Mahlambi played only two group matches against Senegal and Sudan before returning to play for his club.Due to the fixture backlog caused by clubs, including Wits, playing in Caf competitions, the PSL season has been extended to 17 June.Meanwhile, Wits head coach Gavin Hunt said it was the &ldquo;worst thing&rdquo; for Mahlambi to be called up to Bafana Bafana for two upcoming friendly internationals during the Fifa break.Bafana play Guinea-Bissau at Durban&rsquo;s Moses Mabhida Stadium on Saturday and Angola in East London next Tuesday.Hunt stressed that he was not against Mahlambi representing his country but that the timing was wrong. Explained the straight-talking coach: &ldquo;I&rsquo;m happy he was selected. But he has just returned from a nine-month injury layoff and it would have been good for us to work with him here during this break.&rdquo;Mahlambi struggled in Wits&rsquo; 0-0 draw with Egyptian giants Al Ahly during their Caf Champions League first round, second leg clash at the Bidvest Stadium on Sunday.The Clever Boys exited the tournament, losing 1-0 on aggregate. Mahlambi had a poor game and was substituted midway through the second half.Added Hunt: &ldquo;I am not being disrespectful to Bafana in any way but this is not the right time for Mahlambi to be going into (the Bafana) camp. He has just returned from a major injury and is still finding his feet. He initially came back with a bang and scored three goals in two games, but has now hit a wall.&ldquo;Rather than go with Bafana it would be better if he remained at Wits and worked with me to get back to his best in this two-week break. He is not likely to be doing much work with Bafana. &ldquo;But I am in no way criticising his selection. He has talent. He just needs time to get back to form and I would have preferred to have worked with him during the break.&rdquo;Hunt is confident the SA Under-23 star will recover his form: &ldquo;Phakamani will come right. He has lots of potential. But he has lots of work ahead of him.&rdquo;