THE PRESSURE will be on African champions Mamelodi Sundowns when they kick off the defence of their Caf Champions League title against Uganda&rsquo;s Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) at Lucas Moripe Stadium tonight (7pm).Downs have done their homework ahead of this first round, first leg clash &ndash; and the players are raring to go, says skipper and star midfield anchorman Hlompho Kekana.&ldquo;We&rsquo;re ready. We&rsquo;re fit and well prepared mentally. We watched two of Kampala&rsquo;s recent matches, so we know what to expect and realise that the pressure will be on us as defending champions. But we can handle it. &ldquo;Last year we were the underdogs but that has all changed this year.&rdquo;Kekana was outstanding in last year&rsquo;s campaign and was rewarded by being nominated for the Caf award for Player of the Year based in Africa. He said KCCA were an aggressive side going forward, but he did not think they would come to park the bus.Said Kekana: &ldquo;Even if they decide to park the bus we have a game model worked out for that and other eventualities. They play with two strikers, five midfielders and three defenders. &ldquo;The midfield battle will be key. This is the sort of game I relish playing in. I&rsquo;m looking forward to the midfield contest. It&rsquo;s going to be a tough battle and that&rsquo;s the way I like it.&rdquo;Kekana, who was named in Bafana Bafana squad yesterday for two friendlies against Guinea-Bissau and Angola later this month, stressed Downs must score goals.But they will have to do it without star striker Khama Billiat, who is still out injured. Leo Castro, who scored in the 2-0 win over SAB League side Mariveni United in the first round of the Nedbank Cup on Monday, will lead the attack. Head coach Pitso Mosimane said his goal had boosted the Colombian&rsquo;s confidence. Added Kekana: &ldquo;We have the ammunition, even without Khama. We are not a one-man team. Our strength lies in teamwork. Every players knows his responsibility in the team and we know we have to knuckle down and win.&rdquo;Meanwhile, Bidvest Wits face a tough hurdle when they meet eight-time Champions League winners Al Ahly in Cairo, Egypt, in their Champions League first round, first leg clash tomorrow (6.30pm).