THE WORSHIPPERS dress in robes and go to the mountain to seek salvation. But evil thieves, hiding in the bush, show no respect. WHILE THE CONGREGATION IS AT PRAYER, THE THUGS ARE THERE TO ROB. Now the people who hold their services in the remote hills near Mogale City, Gauteng, have no option but to put their faith in the cops. They want the police to intervene and arrest the thugs who rob and victimise them. There have been many cases registered at Krugersdorp Police Station and other police stations around Gauteng.Krugersdorp police spokeswoman Sergeant Tshepiso Mashale said there had been an increase in the number of cases of church members praying in the mountains becoming victims of armed robbers.&ldquo;Victims are threatened with knives and firearms and robbed of personal belongings,&rdquo; she said.Brilliant Mabula (43) said although the thugs threatened him with a knife, God was more powerful. He said he and his friends who go to the mountain to pray know that dangerous armed thugs could rob them, but he won&rsquo;t sit at home and stop praying to Almighty God. &ldquo;I was robbed of my wallet with money in it. But I pray to a living God and I won&rsquo;t fear thugs.&rdquo; Another victim said he and his friend were praying when they suddenly noticed four suspicious males approaching them. &ldquo;We were threatened with knives. We tried to run but the suspects caught us, assaulted us and robbed us of our personal belongings.&rdquo; He said when he went to the Krugersdorp Police Station to open a case, police officers told him that he was not the first one.Mashale said for some months, church members have been opening similar cases at the station. &ldquo;The police appeal to the community to be extra vigilant when they approach such places,&rdquo; said Mashale. &ldquo;If they notice suspicious vehicles and people they must notify the police immediately to avoid being targeted by these criminals.&rdquo;Mashale said no one has been arrested and police are asking for information and more victims to come forward with to help trace the suspects.