BAFANA Bafana caretaker coach Owen Da Gama has promised to take the game at Guinea Bissau when the two teams meet&nbsp;tomorrow&nbsp;in a friendly match at Moses Mabhida Stadium in Durban (3pm). The African Wild Dogs will come at this game with their tails up having played in the last month&rsquo;s African Cup of Nations for the first time in their history. But Da Gama is not to shaken by that. Instead the SA Under-23 coach wants to make a statement in his two matches in charge of Bafana. &ldquo;We need to make sure that we become untouchable at home. Every team coming to us should be shaking as early as coming of the plane all the way to the stadium. No team should be allowed to leave with anything,&rdquo; said Da Gama. He added:&rdquo;We do have respect for Guinea Bissau. In my experience with Bafana I&rsquo;ve understood that you can&rsquo;t undermine any team in Africa no matter how small they are. As low as Guinea Bissau are in the African rankings they deserve to be respected. &ldquo;They just played their first Afcon and they are a team who wants to prove a point. But that doesn&rsquo;t mean we will allow them to come to our home and have things their way. We are at home and we will have to show that by playing well and be dominant. We will have to take the game at them.&rdquo; Da Gama refused to be drawn to latest reports saying Bafana could be forced to replay their 2018 Fifa World Cup qualifier against Senegal after banned the referee Joseph Lamptey. The Ghanaian official was banned for life he gave a penalty for a non-existent handball against Senegal defender Kalidou Koulibaly. Bafana won that match 2-1 in Polokwane. The TV replays clearly showed the ball struck Koulibaly&rsquo;s knee and then dropped to the ground. Fifa found Lamptey guilty of match fixing. Da Gama said: &ldquo;What is important for us is to do well in our upcoming matches. What happens in the boardroom does not concern us. We can&rsquo;t allow that to disrupt us. That should not be an excuse for not performing in these matches. In fact that won&rsquo;t affect us at all. We are focused on the job at hand,&rdquo; said Da Gama.