MY FRIEND recently asked me what I did to avoid insults on social media, and how I coped with strangers belittling me on a public platform. So, I grinned. This because it&rsquo;s impossible to avoid insults from savage strangers on Twitter. These people are unhappy and lack courage to seek even unprofessional help. Remember the adage about misery loving company? Keep this in mind the next time an idiot insults you, and your inner wisdom will help you avoid a nonsensical twar.Also, insults from social media attention-seekers will always find their targets. That&rsquo;s because the fools sending them want followers &ndash; and will do anything to impress them. So, no! You can&rsquo;t avoid hate.Some tweeps may even feel they have valid reasons to hate you. Don&rsquo;t even bother trying to fight this one. It&rsquo;s not worth the effort.But just in case you can&rsquo;t roll with the punches, Twitter has Blocking, Muting or Mass Blocking. This is more than enough to shut any hater up. With Mass Blocking, the insulter&rsquo;s followers are blocked from following you. This means they can have fun, but without you.Muting is fantastic. Here, the idiot insulter and his congregants are dead to you, but can&rsquo;t see they are muted while insulting away. Blocking is self-explanatory, really. It&rsquo;s like long-term death. The fools are gone forever, or until they ask to be unblocked.Below are tips would-be social media idiots may want to consider before hitting send: Don&rsquo;t tweet me that I&rsquo;m old. This is a fact, not an insult. Don&rsquo;t bore me with being jealous of your heroes. I have my own, hun! Please, at the very least, make sense when you insult me. Trying to decipher what you mean loses the impact. So, get your spelling, grammar and syntax in check. And if you don&rsquo;t know what syntax is, then don&rsquo;t bother sending the insult. Insulting strangers on Twitter is for cowards who would never attempt it in public.Look, whether famous or not, don&rsquo;t take insults from obnoxious so-called Christians, who allegedly fear God, but will show you unprovoked hate. BLOCK, MUTE or even MASS BLOCK them while grinning. Remember, if you sleep with dogs, you get fleas. Never dignify morons by responding to their insults.