THE TOP scorer at the 2017 Africa Under-20 Cup of Nations with four goals, Luther Singh, is guaranteed to earn his first Bafana Bafana cap against Angola at East London&rsquo;s Buffalo City Stadium tonight (7pm). The new Bafana striker said he would draw inspiration from his teammate Percy Tau when he makes his debut as caretaker coach Owen Da Gama aims to bow out with a bang. Tau, the rising Mamelodi Sundowns star, scored the only goal in open play against Guinea-Bissau when Bafana won the friendly 3-1 at Durban&rsquo;s Moses Mabhida Stadium on Saturday.Andile Jali and Kermit Erasmus each converted a penalty.Buoyed by the win, the 19-year-old Singh who plays as striker for Portuguese side SC Braga told SunSport he was looking forward to tonight&rsquo;s match. However, he said he would not be putting unnecessary pressure on himself to emulate Tau. Said Singh: &ldquo;I&rsquo;m really excited to be here and can&rsquo;t wait to make my Bafana debut. Tau has shown us that it&rsquo;s exciting to play for your country. He has made it look easy. He played well and even scored on debut. He has inspired me.&ldquo;I&rsquo;m also looking forward to playing my part. Even if I don&rsquo;t score, I just want to make sure I enjoy myself.&rdquo;Da Gama has already promised to give Singh, Lars Veldwijk, Phakamani Mahlambi and Lorenzo Gordinho a run against the Palancas Negras. No doubt all eyes will be on Singh tonight after he helped Amajita qualify for the Under-20 Fifa World Cup set for South Korea from 20 May to 11 June. Amajita open their Fifa U-20 World Cup tournament against Japan at the Suwon World Cup Stadium on 21 May.Singh said the most important thing for him was to enjoy his game in Bafana colours. He said: &ldquo;We got a warm welcome and were treated well by senior players. It&rsquo;s also been good to have European-based players in camp. It&rsquo;s a good experience for me.&rdquo;Da Gama said he trusts Lebohang Manyama would have his scoring boots on for tonight&rsquo;s friendly against Angola. The Cape Town City striker came on from the bench in Saturday&rsquo;s victory over Guinea-Bissau and showed glimpses of what he could offer the national team.However, Da Gama will be without injured defenders Eric Mathoho (skin abrasion) and Thulani Hlatshwayo (ankle sprain), as well as midfielders Dean Furman (groin) and Andile Jali (shoulder dislocation) tonight. The foursome missed Sunday&rsquo;s training sessions.