BAFANA Bafana are forging ahead without a coach. The South African Football Association (Safa) revealed yesterday that Owen Da Gama would act as stand-in coach for Bafana&rsquo;s upcoming international friendlies against Guinea-Bissau and Angola. Safa has postponed the announcement of the new coach to replace Ephraim &ldquo;Shakes&rdquo; Mashaba, who was fired in December. Bafana face the African Wild Dogs at Durban&rsquo;s Moses Mabhida Stadium on 25 March and tackle Angola three days later at a venue to be announced today or Monday. Da Gama announced a 25-man squad comprising local and international players, with midfielder Kamohelo Mokotjo and striker Kermit Erasmus returning to the fold after their self-imposed exile. The duo had retired from Bafana following a fall-out with ex-coach Mashaba. Their inclusion shows that the wheels of change are in motion in the national setup. Da Gama has given the squad a fresh look with the inclusion of new caps Thabo Mnyamane, Percy Tau, Lebohang Manyama and Phakamani Mahlambi, who have all made an impact in the PSL. He has also included teenage sensation Luther Singh, who shone at the Caf Africa Youth Cup of Nations in Zambia. Da Gama strengthened the squad that beat Senegal 2-1 in a 2018 World Cup qualifier at the Peter Mokaba Stadium in November last year. He said: &ldquo;I think the focus and mission must be on moving forward. Whatever happens, whoever the coach might be, I think we have to ensure we have the broadest possible base of players for selection. That has seen us move in this direction in selecting the team.&rdquo; Added Da Gama: &ldquo;I believe we have an abundance of talent playing here and overseas. We must tap into this talent.&rdquo; Da Gama revealed that he consulted other members of the technical staff, including Neil Tovey (Safa technical director), before selecting the squad. He explained: &ldquo;I have always believed in the effectiveness of a think tank. I don&rsquo;t run the show on my own, so there has been a lot of consultation and thought that&rsquo;s gone into the selection. &ldquo;The technical director didn&rsquo;t want to be part of it but I went to him and asked what he thought of the team. I believe that is the right way to move forward.&rdquo; The outspoken mentor said the inclusion of Singh and Mahlambi would motivate other youngsters to work harder. &ldquo;I think it&rsquo;s a step in the right direction to give hope to other youngsters.&rdquo; Luc Eymael has resigned as head coach of Polokwane City. The Belgian-born coach dropped the bombshell after he had led City to a 2-0 home win over ABC Motsepe League club African All Stars on Wednesday night.Eymael who joined City at the start of the season leaves the team in sixth position in the Absa Premiership.