FOR many women, PMS is a real monthly struggle that causes severe blows to work, education, relationships and daily life. But there are ways to relieve women&rsquo;s burden of PMS and put an end to their monthly suffering. World-renowned nutritional therapist, Patrick Holford, takes the guesswork out of managing and relieving these unwanted symptoms with advice on understanding the triggers of PMS and managing these with simple dietary changes.PMS triggers Patrick said: &ldquo;Understanding the precise cause of PMS is difficult as it has a range of causes, which are quite technical to understand.&ldquo;Ovulation appears to be the common denominator, with evidence suggesting that the symptoms are generally a result of changes in brain chemistry triggered by fluctuations in ovarian hormones. Both oestrogen and progesterone levels tend to change sharply before a period and these sudden changes are thought to trigger PMS.&rdquo;These hormones influence the production of some of our major brain chemicals such as the &ldquo;happy hormone&rdquo; serotonin; the calming chemical gamma-aminobutyric acid or GABA; and dopamine, the chemical that affects your emotions, and senses of pleasure and pain. &ldquo;If you consider some of the common symptoms of PMS including anxiety, depression and irritability, cravings, clumsiness and water retention, this makes sense.&rdquo;Don't let PMS beat you!To fight PMS, a well-balanced diet is the best way to make sure all three of these brain chemicals are working at an optimal level.&ldquo;The principle for managing PMS for most women is to eat meals and snacks which provide protein and carbohydrates that will work to balance your hormone levels.&rdquo;Patrick&rsquo;s best nutrition principles for the best results: Don&rsquo;t be afraid of carbs: Balancing blood sugar is key to stabilising hormones. Eat complex, unrefined carbohydrates such as whole grains, beans and vegetables. Cut out all refined carbohydrates and food containing added sugar.Get the right five-a-day: Vegetables such as broccoli and cauliflower are good for PMS sufferers as they contain a substance called &ldquo;diindolylmethane&rdquo; or DIM, which cleans up excess oestrogen.Out with the bad, in with the good: Replace &lsquo;bad&rsquo; saturated and hydrogenated fats, which trigger headaches, menstrual cramps and endometriosis discomfort, with the essential fats found in oily fish, nuts, seeds and vegetable oils to prevent inflammation and reduce abnormal blood clotting. Cut the caffeine: Caffeine only removes vital minerals and vitamins from your body due to its bladder-triggering effect. No alcohol: The liver is one of the key organs where excess hormones are removed from the body. If the liver is over-worked by a poor diet and alcohol, this process of elimination is strained.