BAFANA Bafana caretaker coach Owen Da Gama said he trust Lebohang Manyama will have his scoring boots on in tonight's friendly against Angola. The Cape Town City striker came on from the bench in Saturday's Bafana 3-1 win against Guinea-Bissau and showed the glimpse of what he could have done if he had time.&nbsp;Even tough he didn't start the match but he confident enough to raise his hand indicating that he wanta to take the spot kick when Hlompho Kekana was fouled. But he was denied by his senior Andile Jali who made no mistake.&nbsp; Tonight at Buffalo City Stadium in East London (7.30pm), Manyama has a chance to show what he can do for Bafana. Da Gama has already promised to give him and others enough chance against Angola.&nbsp; "It's been a good week in Durban. My players have been great and they show true professionalism. From those who got a run against Guinea-Bissau to those who didn't," said Da Gama.&nbsp; He added:"Obviously against Angola everyone will get a chance to play especially those who who didn't on Saturday. We have our current league leading goalscorer in Manyama who didn't get enough chance to show us what he can do at Bafana.&nbsp; "But Tuesday it can be his chance to do so. He's been good at his club, scoring goals week in week out. Even at camp he's been good. I just hope he will wear those boots when he get a chance on Tuesday."&nbsp; Currently Manyama has 11 goals and is a joint leading Absa Premiership goalscorer with Orlando Pirates marksman Tendai Ndoro.The Citizens skipper is expected to help Bafana to keep their good run against Palancas Negras.&nbsp; The two teams have played 14 matches before and Bafana have won eight, while Angola have won only one. They have drawn five times and Angola will surely be looking to change their fortunes in tonight's meeting.&nbsp; This match will be Da Gama's last in charge of Bafana after being a standing coach from the time Ephraim "Shakes" Mashaba was axed in December. After this match and when the team is back to Johannesburg SAFA president Danny Jordaan is expected to announce the new head coach.&nbsp;