FEW THINGS can match the feeling of scoring a goal on debut . . . Apart from scoring in your Soweto derby debut! The derby between Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates is one of the biggest highlights on Mzansi&rsquo;s football calendar. To feature in it for the first time and to then score in front of a crowd of 72 000 is not an easy feat. Amakhosi and the Buccaneers shared the spoils in their 1-1 Absa Premiership draw at a packed FNB Stadium on Saturday but the match will be remembered for the impact made by players in their derby debuts. Amakhosi midfielder Joseph Molangoane opened his derby account in his first official game against Bucs, while new arrival Thembinkosi Lorch returned the favour for Pirates. He hammered in a ball that rebounded against Tsepo Masilela&rsquo;s leg and was ultimately credited as an own goal. Nevertheless, Lorch contributed to the creation of that goal and has been applauded for his efforts by Bucs fans. Their performances will have a special place in the duo&rsquo;s hearts, as will the joy on fans&rsquo; faces as they scored. Bafana Bafana legend Benni McCarthy also set the stage alight in his first derby when his brace helped Pirates to a 3-2 victory in 2012, while Siyabonga Nomvethe and Thabo Mooki achieved the feat for Chiefs in the past. The goal-scorers got a pat on the back for their great performances from their respective coaches, Amakhosi&rsquo;s Steve Komphela and Bucs&rsquo; Kjell Jonevret. It&rsquo;s interesting to note that both Molangoane and Lorch played for Chippa United previously, which is bound to make Chippa owner Siviwe Mpengesi feel proud. The fans were treated to a dull goalless draw at Soccer City in the first round, but the pair played their part to ensure history did not repeat itself. Jonevret was full of praise for Lorch, who was thrown in at the deep end based on his performance at training in the build-up to the derby: &ldquo;Lorch played well. He has been displaying some good signs in training. &ldquo;He is one of the players who have impressed me so far. He did well against Chiefs but grew a little tired in the second half. &ldquo;He just needs more time to settle but I&rsquo;m happy with his performance. &ldquo;We expect a lot from him this season.&rdquo;