AS THE country watched, Kgalema Motlanthe read from Ahmed Kathrada&rsquo;s famous letter. The letter where he asked Zuma &ldquo;to consider stepping down&rdquo;. THE PEOPLE CAME TO THEIR FEET TO APPLAUD UNCLE KATHY&rsquo;S HEARTFELT REQUEST. A large part of former president Motlanthe&rsquo;s eulogy was devoted to the letter Kathrada wrote almost a year ago. The dignified state funeral was attended by many public figures and scores of mourners who filled the marquee at Westpark Cemetery, Joburg, yesterday. On Tuesday, there was speculation that President Zuma would not be welcome at the funeral but the family corrected the claims, saying they only requested that he did not speak. The Presidency said Jacob Zuma would not attend the funeral and memorial service. Deputy president Cyril Ramaphosa led the proceedings and Motlanthe delivered the keynote address. After only a few minutes on the stage, Motlanthe started reading from Kathrada&rsquo;s letter. He quoted from it: &ldquo;I have always maintained a position of not speaking out publicly about any difference I may harbour against my leaders and my organisation, the ANC. &ldquo;Is it asking too much to express the hope that you will choose the correct way that is gaining momentum&sbquo; to consider stepping down?&rdquo; Motlanthe said yesterday marked the 354th day since the letter was sent but there hadn&rsquo;t been any official response from the office of the president. Dignitaries at the funeral included Pravin Gordhan, Thabo Mbeki, Blade Nzimande, Gwede Mantashe, Andrew Mlangeni, George Bizos, Denis Goldberg, Graca Machel and&nbsp;Julius Malema, who sat next to Winnie Madikizela-Mandela. Former anti-apartheid activist Sophia Williams De Bruyn said Kathrada was an all-round activist who was respectfully outspoken, resourceful and kind. &ldquo;Comrade Kathy was outspoken and had special qualities as an organiser,&rdquo; she said. Executive director of the Ahmed Kathrada Foundation, Neeshan Balton, repeated Kathrada&rsquo;s invitation to Julius Malema to visit Robben Island. &ldquo;One of the last things Ahmed Kathrada wanted me to organise last year was to take you to Robben Island,&rdquo; he said. South African Communist Party leader Blade Nzimande used the opportunity to raise concern about those accused of using the party to benefit themselves. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s unfortunate that Comrade Kathy leaves at this time when his wisdom is needed even more in our organisation, at a time when parasitic networks today are seeking to capture our movement for their narrow motives,&rdquo; said Nzimande. &ldquo;As the SACP, in memory of Comrade Kathy and in defence of our revolution, we say no to these intentions and we will continue to say, no no no!&rdquo;