SOUTH Africans will have to wait a little longer to find out who will become the new Bafana Bafana head coach!SA Football Association (Safa) CEO Dennis Mumble disclosed yesterday that there were &ldquo;some serious issues&rdquo; the association was dealing with regarding the appointment of a successor to Ephraim &ldquo;Shakes&rdquo; Mashaba, who was fired last December.Mumble met with Safa president Danny Jordaan yesterday after the two returned from East London where they watched Bafana and Angola draw 0-0 in a friendly at the Buffalo City Stadium on Tuesday.Jordaan promised to name the new coach after the Angola game but Mumble stated: &ldquo;We need to get this matter finalised. We are still on course to do that. We will be announcing the new coach soon but we need a few days to sort contractual issues. We know who we want and have been talking to him, but need to finalise a few matters.&rdquo;Mumble declined to give any names: &ldquo;I can&rsquo;t name any coach until we have the deal sealed and signed. We are looking to select a coach from the shortlist of five we identified &ndash; we&rsquo;ll see who we can strike the best deal with.&rdquo;Names that have been bandied about include Stuart Baxter, Herve Renard and Ruud Krol. The other two maybes, Hugo Broos and Carlos Queiroz, have dropped out.Meanwhile, Mumble said Bafana&rsquo;s future was bright after the national side stretched their unbeaten run to 17 following the 3-1 win over Guinea Bissau in Durban on Saturday and the draw against Angola.He said Bafana assistant coach Owen Da Gama, who stood in for both friendly matches, and SA Under-20 coach Thabo Senong were safe at this stage: &ldquo;I can guarantee Senong will be in charge of the SA Under-20 squad at the World Cup in South Korea in May. We need continuity. Owen is still employed by Safa as Bafana assistant coach.&rdquo;Bafana skipper and No 1 keeper Itumeleng Khune agreed the future looked bright. He sat out the Angola game, with Da Gama giving Darren Keet some game-time.Said Khune: &ldquo;The camp went well and I&rsquo;m happy the coach called up a mixture of experienced and new players. We managed to bring everyone together. Our goal is to make the nation proud.&ldquo;We are 17 games unbeaten. It would have been nice to have 17 wins but we&rsquo;ll take this and build on this. We have a lot of potential. I see great things ahead for this team, especially the side that started against Guinea-Bissau.&rdquo;He said he was excited about youngsters such as Percy Tau, Luther Singh and Phakamani Mahlambi: &ldquo;They bring energy and are mobile, but as experienced players we have to guide them.&rdquo;