WHEN the Metro cops and police rushed in to demolish their shacks, the residents scattered &ndash; but when they saw cops loading their building materials onto trucks their fear turned into anger. The illegal squatters launched their own assault and the lawmen had to call in reinforcements as they were besieged! The squatters from Mzimhlophe, Soweto, told Daily Sun they put up their shacks on Friday and were happy to finally have roofs over their heads. But their happiness was short-lived when Metro cops pounced yesterday morning to evict them. The squatters said what angered them most was that after destroying their shacks, police took their pieces of corrugated iron sheeting and wood. Residents demanded the building materials back, but the police refused. The squatters then decided to block the way leading out of the squatter camp, and the struggling cops called for backup. The police crowd management team eventually dispersed the angry crowd. They were pelted with stones and responded by firing rubber bullets. The road was finally cleared and the trucks got out, followed by police and Metro cops. &ldquo;The police were selfish and unfair. Where are we supposed to live?&rdquo; said one resident. Residents told Daily Sun they had nowhere else to go. &ldquo;We are unemployed and cannot afford to pay rent. We do not have a place to stay. Meanwhile, animals are occupying this land,&rdquo; they said. The residents were referring to a man who lives with his cows in the field, but who was not evicted. Community leader Derrick Zimasa (43) said they were going nowhere until they got all their belongings back. EFF spokeswoman Palesa Lebokgo said the community occupied the land as it had stood vacant for five years. She said: &ldquo;All the people want is to have land to build on and provide shelter for their families.&rdquo; Joburg Metro cop spokesman Chief Superintendent Wayne Minnaar said: &ldquo;Those people illegally occupied the land, which is privately owned. One person was arrested for public violence.&rdquo;