SUPERSPORT United plan is to remain at the summit of the Absa Premiership table, defend the Nedbank Cup and go as far as possible in the Caf Confederation Cup. Matsatsantsa a Pitori haven&rsquo;t lost a league match since last August, collecting points ever since. Although most matches have ended in draws, they have consistently been in the top three and are now joint leaders on 35 points with Cape Town City. United midfielder, Reneilwe Letsholonyane, says they know they have to continue working hard to stay at the top. Stuart Baxter&rsquo;s charges will have to carefully manage their work load between their league, Confed Cup and Ke Yona ambitions. They start their Ke Yona defence against Royal Eagles at Harry Gwala Stadium on 14 March, while their African cup march continues against Sudanese side Al-Ahly Shend over two legs starting on 10 March.Letsholonyane believes they will be able to cope with their work load this season.He said: &ldquo;We&rsquo;ve made it clear that we want to compete for all silverware available. We are running our race and don&rsquo;t really care what other people are doing. We will cope because we have a good support team that knows how to manage players.&rdquo;The ex Bafana Bafana star added that employing a rotation policy had helped keep the players&rsquo; legs fresh. He said they were putting themselves under pressure to succeed but were not feeling any pressure from outside the club. &ldquo;I knew the challenge I would face when I got here. I came here to win. We are doing well,&rdquo; he said. But Yeye realises they have to tread carefully when they host Ajax Cape Town at Lucas Moripe Stadium on Saturday (8.15pm). The Urban Warriors have been struggling this season, at times failing to protect their lead to win games. Stanley Menzo&rsquo;s charges have yet to record a victory in the new year. Said Letsholonyane: &ldquo;We don&rsquo;t take any game or opponent lightly because of their previous matches or the position they occupy in the table. In every game we try hard to keep our focus on doing what makes us look good and win games. It won&rsquo;t be any different with Ajax.&rdquo;Baxter, who accepted his trophy as Coach of the Month for October/November yesterday, rues their many draws. He believes there would have been a gap at the top had they won more games. &ldquo;The most consistent team will win the league. We dropped points when we shouldn&rsquo;t have. If you are ruthless and put the game to bed when you can, you have a better chance of winning.&rdquo;