A DISJOINTED Mamelodi Sundowns produced one of their worse performance in years but managed to beat their Limpopo amateur opponents Mariveni United from the SAB League 2-0 in their Netbank Cup Last 32 clash played at the Lucas Moripe Stadium last night.As promised Downs head coach Pitso Mosimane rotated his side and made sweeping changes. He was mindful of Saturday&rsquo;s important Caf Champions League first round, first leg clash against Uganda&rsquo;s Kampala Capital City Authority FC at the same venue.Mosimane made 10 changes from the side that started against Cape Town City in an Absa Premiership match played at the Athlone Stadium last Friday. City stunned the reigning PSL and African champions winning 1-0 to move to the top of the table.The only player who remained from that loss was midfielder Sibusiso Vilakazi.It was the first time Mariveni have reached the Last 32 of the cup. The SAB League outfit come from Mariveni Village, about 135 kilometres east of Polokwane and their goal is to win promotion to the ABC Motsepe League at the end of the season. And their performance against the best side in Africa will have given them a massive morale boost.The last time the Brazilians played a team from the fourth tier of SA soccer was when they scored a record 24-0 against Kimberley based Powerlines FC in 2012.But as expected the amateur side from Limpopo parked the bus and frustrated the continental champions who underestimated their lower league opponents. And to their credit defended well while Downs struggled in the final third and never looked like scoring in the first 45 minutes. So frustrated was Mosimane that he had his substitutes warming up 10 minutes before the break.But making so many changes resulted in Downs being all over the place and losing their rhythm. Their passing was sloppy. It looked like the Downs players had met each other for the first time before the kick-off.And to frustrate Downs even more was some inspired goalkeeping from Reliance Mayimele who had the game of his life. It took Downs 50 minutes to break the brave amateur side. Leo Castro headed home and two minutes later Anthony Laffor made it 2-0 and it was game over.