MULTICHOICE Diski Challenge champions Mamelodi Sundowns are ready for the International Challenge. Sundowns will compete in the first-ever MultiChoice International Challenge today when they take on hosts SBV Excelsior in the second semifinal of the one-day tournament at Woudestein Stadium (5pm SA time).Downs&rsquo; MDC captain Madisha Motjeka is brimming with confidence ahead of the clash, which will be their second match since their arrival in the Netherlands.Motjeka has vowed that they will do whatever needs to be done to make sure they represent South Africa well in the Challenge. Apart from Downs and Excelsior the tournament features two other top teams, KAA Gent and Ichifuna. David Notoane&rsquo;s charges were impressive in their first friendly match on Monday when they held PEC Zwolle to a 1-1 draw. The draw against Zwolle was a promising sign that they can live up to expectations and bring home the inaugural International Challenge trophy.PSL chairman Dr Irvin Khoza will be present when the International Challenge kicks off.Motjeka said they would have to avoid defensive errors and kill the game early by using the chances they create if they want to have a good tournament against Mitchell van der Gaag&rsquo;s charges.He said: &ldquo;We shouldn&rsquo;t put pressure on ourselves. We just need to go out there and play our normal game. &ldquo;Our first match gave us a taste of how the Dutch teams play, so we know what to expect from Excelsior and we have seen their first team in action. We are looking forward to the match.&ldquo;We will do what is required from us and as a team we believe we will conquer the opposition in this tournament. &ldquo;Our mission is to continue where we left off in the MDC at home. We are a free-scoring team, we just need to utilise our chances.&rdquo; Motjeka said they had adapted well to the cold, wet weather conditions.&ldquo;It&rsquo;s the first time many of us have encountered freezing temperatures, but we are adjusting well and I&rsquo;m happy with that,&rdquo; he concluded.SunSport&rsquo;s Mthokozisi Mkhonza is in the Netherlands as a guest of SuperSport.