A COP is among the four that have already been arrested in connection with the OR Tambo International Airport heist, Acting National Police Commissioner Lieutenant General Khomotso Phahlane revealed this evening. "The hard work and dedication of the team has resulted in the gathering of intelligence and the subsequent arrest and questioning of suspects allegedly involved in the commission of this crime."We have resolved as law enforcement agencies to work in ensuring the perpetrators of this crime are brought to book. Within a week of investigations and interviewing people of interest we can confirm that four people have been taken in for questioning."Of the four men arrested one is a police officer, he told journalists. Two appeared in the Kempton Park magistrate's court on Tuesday. "Two people are already being questioned. It is regrettable that one of our own members is among the two," he added. Phahlane said this confirmed their version that they would not rule out that the heist was an inside job. "As police we would like to reiterate our stance that if we find that any of our members had a role to play we take decisive action."Further arrests are likely to be made, he said. Police said that the police vehicle used during the heist was bogus. "The markings which were on the bogus police vehicle were not on normal police vehicles." A total of R24 million was stolen from a plane at the airport last Tuesday.Suspects in a marked police vehicle intercepted the money after an SAA flight landed. A white Mercedes-Benz is believed to have been used in the operationHawks spokesman Brigadier Hangwani Mulaudzi said a high-level investigation, involving all law enforcement agencies, was underway. He declined to divulge further information.Airports Company South Africa spokesperson Trevor Jones said no shots were fired during the incident and no injuries were reported.The two men appeared in court for charges of armed robbery. He could not say when they will make their next court appearance. The money is yet to be recovered.&nbsp;http://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/cop-arrested-in-connection-with-or-tambo-heist-20170314