ANGRY residents of Phola Park, near KwaLanga kasi in Uitenhage, say they&rsquo;ve had enough of the Gaza gang. On Saturday afternoon, they gathered with other KwaLanga residents near their shacks to prepare for revenge. They were carrying axes, golf clubs, knobkerries, okapis and bread knives.&ldquo;Gangsters must come out or we will go to them,&rdquo; they shouted.This comes after an attack by the gangsters that lasted for three days, when they burned down Rainbow&rsquo;s Tavern and a shack and then closed down Bongani&rsquo;s Tavern. The gangsters, believed to be about 36 teenagers from the RDP area known as Hollywood, also shut down a mashonisa&rsquo;s business and destroyed his shack.Shocked mashonisa, Bishop Silumko Nqakula (42), said he couldn&rsquo;t even bury one of his church members on Saturday.&ldquo;I fled to a relative&rsquo;s house. They sent messages to my neighbours that after my church member&rsquo;s coffin was lowered, I would follow it, so I couldn&rsquo;t attend. &ldquo;The gangsters were at the same cemetery to bury one of their own.&rdquo;Nqakula, the founder of Elukhanyweni Catholic Church in Zion, said he doesn&rsquo;t know why the Gazas declared him a wanted man. Tavern owner Bongani Knockpaal (40) said: &ldquo;I heard through Whatsapp that the boys would target businesses and taverns. Last Wednesday, residents raided places that sell tik and the boys avenged the move by shutting down taverns.&rdquo; On Saturday, the residents vowed never to run away again. Cops then advised them to meet the gangsters&rsquo; parents for peace talks. The first round of talks were held by four resident representatives on Saturday and the second is scheduled for today.Captain Gerda Swart said a case of public violence and malicious damage to property had been opened. &ldquo;Allegedly, revenge groups set alight a tavern and informal homes. The SAPS condemns these acts of violence and requests the community to work with the police. We have set up more police members and vehicles in the area to increase visible policing.&rdquo;