THE ABSA Premiership title race is still wide open, according to both Kaizer Chiefs Steve Komphela and Orlando Pirates Kjell Jonevret. Bucs and Amakhosi shared the spoils in an entertaining 1-1 Absa Premiership draw at FNB Stadium on Saturday. The stalemate did little to help the two teams in the log standings, however. Chiefs are fourth with 35 points, three points behind log leaders Cape Town City. Bucs, who are still searching for their first league win in 11 games, are 10th with 22 points from 19 matches. Both coaches took out their calculators to try and determine the number of points still left to play for in their remaining league matches this season. They agree more twists and turns still lie ahead as the leadership is bound to change hands more than once before season s end. Amakhosi s influential midfielder, Willard Katsande, missed a crucial late penalty that could have handed his team three points. Chiefs missed their chance to narrow the gap on pacesetters City at the top of the table in a weekend that saw Mamelodi Sundowns collect just one point in two matches. Sundowns were held to a goalless draw by Chippa United and went on to lose 1-0 to CT City in the Cape at the weekend. Komphela said there was always pressure on his side: There are a lot of matches left to play. The race is still wide open and might go down to the last game of the season. Jonevret s charges are not close to being title contenders as they are still battling to get into the top eight, but the Swede was quick to note that it was too early to say which team would triumph. Bucs host SuperSport United in a catch-up league game at Orlando Stadium tomorrow (7.30pm). Jonevret said: We have about 33 points to play for and a lot can happen at the top and bottom of the table. The players are improving with every game. Hopefully we end our winless run against SuperSport. Komphela rued missed opportunities but sympathised with Katsande: We re disappointed we missed a penalty with five minutes to go. We could have stolen the three points. But what can you do when a player misses a penalty? It s part of the game. 