MARITZBURG United coach Fadlu Davids reckons the sooner they forget about their 2-0 MTN8 home defeat to SuperSport United, the better. The Team of Choice lost the second leg of their MTN8 semifinal and ultimately 3-1 on aggregate after they drew the first leg 1-1 away two weeks ago.Davids has urged his players to forget about Saturday&rsquo;s defeat at the Harry Gwala Stadium and focus on their upcoming KwaZulu-Natal derby against AmaZulu tomorrow. This Absa Premiership clash will be played at King Zwelithini Stadium in Umlazi (7.30pm).Said Davids: &ldquo;We will take this defeat as a lesson. I have a young team &ndash; it is a lesson learnt for them. I expect them to handle the situation a little bit better next time. &ldquo;Look, SuperSport are an experienced team and they were better than us. They certainly deserved the win. What is left for us now is to try and quickly forget about this defeat and look ahead to our game against AmaZulu.&rdquo;The Maritzburg coach believes Saturday&rsquo;s defeat will not have any effect on his players. He says they know what is at stake tomorrow.&ldquo;This is a new match and derbies are always different. It&rsquo;s KZN pride at stake. How you played in your last match and the form you are in &ndash; all of this is thrown out of the window in derbies. &ldquo;I don&rsquo;t think the SuperSport defeat will have any effect on my players when they play AmaZulu. They understand what is at stake and what is expected of them,&rdquo; said Davids.United head into their first KZN derby of the new campaign having won both their league matches, beating Platinum Stars 2-0 and Ajax Cape Town 2-0. They currently top the log standings with six points.They will be looking to protect their 100% start against Usuthu who suffered their first defeat this season in their last match. The Durban outfit won their first match, beating Free State Stars 1-0, and then lost 2-0 to Chippa United.Both these teams will be without suspended players. Usuthu will be minus Togolese defender Sadate Ouro-Akoriko, who was red-carded in the first league match.Maritzburg will be missing Cameroonian midfielder Yazid Atouba, who was sent off on Saturday.