NEW Platinum Stars head coach Roger de Sa could not have asked for a tougher baptism of fire than the five Absa Premiership matches he faces in the coming two weeks, starting with a trip to Tshwane to face in-form SuperSport United tonight.De Sa, who joined Dikwena last Friday and has had only one training session with his new charges, comes up against his old friend and former assistant Eric Tinkler, who is making a big name for himself in the PSL.The sides clash at the Lucas Moripe Stadium (7.30pm).Tinkler won the Telkom Knockout and finished third with Cape Town City last season. In his first month with Matsatsantsa a Pitori he has guided them to the MTN8 final. De Sa, the former Orlando Pirates coach, met his new players for the first time on Sunday and has had one training session with the squad that is propping up the table with zero points from two matches.De Sa left Maritzburg United at the end of last season and had been on holiday until he got a call from Dikwena general manager Senzo Mazingiza. Said De Sa: &ldquo;I knew Senzo from Pirates and decided to give it a go. But this is not the ideal time, with five tough games coming up &ndash; starting with SuperSport, one of the form teams. One thing is for sure, my holiday is well and truly over.&rdquo;De Sa was happy with the club facilities and administration: &ldquo;The club has top class facilities and management. Now I have to get results and get them back up the table.&rdquo;De Sa, who took Bucs to the Caf Champions League final in 2013 with Tinkler as his assistant, is looking forward to meeting his friend again: &ldquo;Eric has done well. I spoke to him on Friday and we had a chat. But it will be all business. It&rsquo;s football when we face each other on the touchline. I realise I have a big job ahead of me.&ldquo;We have a very young squad and I will have to lift the side and get points to move off the bottom of the table after a poor start.&rdquo;Dikwena axed unpopular Englishman Peter Butler, who failed in his opening two games.Said De Sa: &ldquo;There is a lot of work ahead. I have been here a short while and 48 hours after my only training session I face a top side like SuperSport away. It won&rsquo;t be easy.&nbsp; &ldquo;But I won&rsquo;t be making changes, I need to get to know my players first. The next two weeks will be a real test. I would have liked at least a week training with the squad but it is what it is. I&rsquo;m ready for this new challenge.&rdquo; against the Wallabies.