PLATINUM Stars head coach Cavin Johnson will not be looking back but forward when they host Absa Premiership pacesetters Cape Town City at the Moruleng Stadium tomorrow (7.30pm).Dikwena notched up their best win of the season when they thumped title-chasing CT City 4-0 in Cape Town in the first round. It was the Citizens&rsquo; worst defeat and head coach Eric Tinkler will be looking to set the record straight.Johnson said: &ldquo;That was a big win for us but that is history. We have done our homework on City. They are not at the top of the league standings for nothing. They are a quality side. We have to play smart to beat them again.&rdquo;Johnson is worried about his side&rsquo;s middle-of-the-table position.Dikwena are sitting ninth with 25 points, just above the clubs in the relegation zone.Stated the coach: &ldquo;The league is very tight. We need the points. &ldquo;We are not in a comfortable position in the league and need points to climb up the table.&rdquo;Johnson said his players would be refreshed despite being away from home for the past seven days. They beat Baroka FC 1-0 after extra time in the Nedbank Cup Last 16 in Polokwane last Tuesday night, then travelled directly after the game to the Ivory Coast, where they were beaten 2-0 by AS Tanda in their Caf Confederation Cup play-off round, first leg clash on Sunday.StarsfaceAS Tanda in the second leg at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium on Sunday and Johnson is confident his players can turn the tables on the Ivorians.But he stressed: &ldquo;I&rsquo;m not even thinking of the Caf game at this stage. My whole focus is on City. &ldquo;We have done our research and I believe we will be fresh despite the tough week away from home.&rdquo;Stars are minus central defender Sphamandla Mlilo who is suspended after getting a red card against Baroka last week.But Johnson will be able to bank on his experienced strike-force of Henrico Botes, Ndumiso Mabena and Benson Shilongo to try and open up the City defence, like they did in the first encounter.