BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic coach Luc Eymael feels like a criminal in South Africa, having been sent from pillar to post by the PSL and his ex-club Polokwane City. He was taken to task by City over an alleged amount they claim he owes the club.He was denied any chance of sitting on the bench for his new club, Bloemfontein Celtic, due to the allegations levelled against him by City.The verdict regarding City&rsquo;s complaint against him over breach of contract after he resigned last month was postponed indefinitely by the PSL&rsquo;s Dispute Resolution Chamber on Monday.His PSL accreditation was taken away and now he can&rsquo;t even access the pitch like all the other coaches.He nearly exchanged blows with City security officers and officials when Celtic went to play at the Old Peter Mokaba Stadium last month after they denied him access to the change-rooms.He was denied permission to take the stage during the Nedbank Cup quarterfinal draw in Randburg on Monday.The Belgium-born mentor has been guiding Celtic from the stands &ndash; even though he is in possession of a valid work permit &ndash; as he is no longer accredited by the PSL. He will also miss Celtic&rsquo;s Absa Premiership clash against Kaizer Chiefs at Dr Petrus Molemela Stadium tonight (7.30pm). Celtic have already played three league games and two Nedbank Cup matches since Eymael&rsquo;s arrival in Bloemfontein without him on the bench. Lehlohonolo Seema is manning the bench in his absence.Said Eymael: &ldquo;I feel like a criminal even though I have never been to jail. They have to state clearly if they don&rsquo;t want me to stay in the country. People appreciate me &ndash; the PSL has to make a decision.&ldquo;Look, I still repeat that I left Polokwane because I could not work under such difficult conditions. I was the fitness trainer, analyst, statistician and head coach. I had to pay rent for my new apartment and I didn&rsquo;t get a bonus. I had to continue working under those circumstances. I am white, but I am not a slave.&rdquo;The 54-year-old coach revealed that other coaches also sympathised with him and were baffled by the delay. He added: &ldquo;I spoke to (Steve) Komphela, Jomo Sono, Eric Tinkler and Stuart Baxter, they also don&rsquo;t understand why I can&rsquo;t do my job. &ldquo;I was invited to attend the Nedbank Cup quarterfinals draw in Joburg on Monday, but I was not allowed to go on stage with the other coaches. Why ask me to travel if I can&rsquo;t represent my team? These people are unprofessional.&rdquo; As if that was not enough, the frustrated Eymael is concerned his charges will tackle Amakhosi on an uneven pitch, claiming the PSL refused to move the game to another venue.He went on: &ldquo;The state of the pitch is bad, but I was told it&rsquo;s PSL rules not to change the venue. I don&rsquo;t know what path of logic was followed to reach that decision. &ldquo;The only good pitch we have is Free State Stadium. The surface is part of the entertainment and if it&rsquo;s not good, how can players play quality football? &ldquo;If the game was taken to Peter Mokaba, FNB or the new Cape Town Stadium I would not have a problem &ndash; they have the best pitches.&rdquo;