MAMELODI SUNDOWNS star, Teko Modise, will part ways with the Tshwane giants at the end of the season. The 34-year-old, who joined the Brazilians in 2011, confirmed to SunSport his contract won&rsquo;t be renewed when it expires in June.&nbsp; Modise told SunSport he is now ready for a new challenge after a trophy-laden spell with the Brazilians.Modise, who is among the highest-paid players in the PSL, is willing to take a salary cut at his next destination.The former Orlando Pirates star won the league title, the Caf Champions League, Caf Super Cup, Telkom Knockout and the Nedbank Cup titles in his eight-year spell with the Brazilians.Modise revealed he would hang up his boots after two seasons in the top flight to venture into business.He has been getting little game time at Downs as he also made a rare appearance as a substitute in their goalless draw against Bloemfontein Celtic midweek.Modise told SunSport: &ldquo;I will retire from football in two seasons to focus on my business. Football has taken so much of my time, but I hope I won&rsquo;t be lost in the game because I want to plough back to the community through the sport.&ldquo;My contract with Sundowns expires this season, and to be fair, I have served them with flying colours and have won many things.&rdquo; He went on: &ldquo;But I&rsquo;m looking for a new challenge.&rdquo;Modise is aware that many clubs cannot afford to pay his hefty salary. Explained Modise: &ldquo;I still have the passion for football and I want more game time. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s time to move on and retire somewhere in a completely new environment. &ldquo;Sundowns will understand as well, it&rsquo;s nothing personal. I&rsquo;m expensive, but happy to take a pay cut.&rdquo; Modise, who is an ambassador for McDonald&rsquo;s Under-14 School&rsquo;s League, is in the process of opening his own McDonald&rsquo;s franchise. He also has a fashion boutique and owns property. He said: &ldquo;I want to own a McDonald&rsquo;s franchise as I have been associated with them for a long time. I&rsquo;m not lost to fashion and I have invested heavily in property too.&rdquo; Modise remains the only player in Mzansi to have won back-to-back Footballer of the Year accolades, but surprisingly that&rsquo;s not the highlight of his career. He said winning the Champions League with the Tshwane giants in 2016 was the biggest achievement of his career