MAMELODI Sundowns hopes of defending their Absa Premiership title are slowly fading away. The African Champions dropped two vital points last night when they were held to a goalless draw by Bloemfontein Celtic at Lucas Moripe Stadium. Downs came into the match desperate for maximum points to narrow the eight point gap between them and leaders Cape Town City. The Tshwane giants remain in fifth position on 35 points from 19 games. The Brazilians have been having a tough time as they have now collected a mere three points in their last five outings. They lost 1-0 to City, drew goalless with Polokwane City and lost 2-1 to Kaizer Chiefs in their last league game at the weekend. Downs were hoping to continue their dominance over Celtic having beaten them 1-0 in the first round away.Downs coach Pitso Mosimane made two changes to the side that lost to Amakhosi with left-back Tebogo Langerman getting the nod ahead of Algerian International Fares Hatchi who was on the bench. The outspoken mentor also started with Leonardo Castro upfront in place of Anthony Laffor. On the other hand, Celtic have now gained four points in two matches having moved away from the relegation zone at the weekend following a 1-0 win over Polokwane. Their performance has improved since the arrival of coach Luc Eymael who joined them under a cloud from Polokwane three weeks ago. Although, the Belgium born coach has yet to sit on the bench due to a complaint launched by Polokwane claiming he is still contracted to them, his work behind the scene seems to have rubbed off on his new players. His assistant Lehlohonolo Seema retained the same starting line-up that beat Rise and Shine to restore their hope of retaining their PSL status. Downs dominated the match and created plenty of scoring chances compared to Celtic. But Phunya-Sele-Sele were rescued by the crossbar on two occasions denying defender Ricardo Nascimento and striker Khama Billiat the winner.Celtic showed some glimpses of brilliant counter attack football, but they rushed in front of goal instead of picking a spot with Lyle Lakay being the culprit.