G OGO Rachel Chauke (73) from Seshego zone 2, Limpopo will never forget the tragic day when she lost her eight-month-old son. She remembers how belonging to a family fighting for freedom took her son&rsquo;s life. She was worried about struggling to erect a tombstone for the child&rsquo;s grave. Her baby died in 1976 when the apartheid police threw teargas into her Soweto house in Gauteng and closed the door with wire. Her son Petrus died after his tiny body was filled with smoke that damaged his lungs.Rachel said she saved her own life by hiding in a drum of water and hoping the police would leave after only finding kids in the house. During the unveiling ceremony of Petrus&rsquo; tombstone in Seshego zone 5 on Monday, she said she got help from the Democratic Alliance. The party found out about her tragedy last year when campaigning for the local government elections&ldquo;My son would have been 40 today but they killed him. The cruel police were looking for my husband Solomon Chauke, a senior comrade, and came to our house.&ldquo;We had to hide since we knew they would beat us. My husband hid in the ceiling and I hid in the water drum but my children were asleep.&rdquo; After seeing there were only kids in the house, the police threw several teargas cannisters inside and closed the door. They used wire to secure it, ensuring that nobody could escape.&ldquo;After we realised they had left, my husband came down from the roof, calling for his friend to take the children to hospital. We realised it would be better to take them to Polokwane Hospital.&ldquo;While the doctors were examining Petrus, he died in my arms. &ldquo;The doctor said his lungs were damaged by the smoke. &ldquo;His sister was also affected and had to live with TB caused by the smoke until she died in 2014,&rdquo; Rachel said. DA Limpopo leader Jacques Smalle said the Chauke family&rsquo;s story touched their hearts and they were concerned for the gogo to get a tombstone for her child&rsquo;s grave. &ldquo;We helped with the preparations for the tombstone to be erected and also provided food in the house to ensure that the Chauke family achieved something for their child.&rdquo;