EVERY Fifa member, who is still in the running to qualify for 2018 World Cup in Russia, is getting their ducks in a row. Some countries have already booked training venues abroad while others use our own facilities to prepare en route to their destinations.A national team is a nation&rsquo;s asset and must be treated as such. I guess the reasons why we don&rsquo;t have a Bafana Bafana coach is due to poor planning and lack of vision.The 2017 Fifa calendar is busy and critical that can define us as a nation.The last time Bafana qualified properly for a World Cup spot was for the 2002 edition in Korea/Japan. We have a tendency to allow poor administration at Safa to run our football dismally. We call ourselves a power house, but how do you remain one if you can&rsquo;t test your strength with other power houses.As football fans and South African citizens, we have a birth right to get answers for all the shenanigans around the appointment of thenational team coach.It is Safa&rsquo;s prerogative to find a suitable coach and explain to the nation if they have challenges. Many countries all over the world fire coaches almost daily and within weeks a new coach is appointed. This shows that the national technical committee comes together after a coach has left to find the way forward.Every association has its prerequisites for a coach to be appointed.Finding a new coach remains a technical matter not an administrative matter. Administration deals with contracts, logistics and finance. With Safa, administrators are the ones looking for a new coach and where does it leave the so-called Technical Director and his team? We might as well not have that entity at Safa. ALL countries in the Cosafa region have locally based coaches. Even Angola and Mozambique have Portuguese born coaches who are locally based. Now I ask myself why we always employ an overseas big name coach who cost us lots of money without getting results like Philippe Troussier, Joel Santana and Carlos Parreirra whom we funded their pension. What a mess. We always talk about a coach who understands our football culture, so why can&rsquo;t we give the likes of Roger de Sa and Gavin Hunt a chance? De Sa is unemployed, Hunt&rsquo;s contract with Wits will expire in June.Someone should wake up and smell the coffee at Safa. Who knows these coaches we are not considering could be the messiah to our national team. Going abroad has yielded zero results and this has become a norm. I blame football fans for not owning up. We should have a footballrevolution if we want our football to flourish. Safa can&rsquo;t hold us to ransom. Safa has gone too far with our emotions and has shown disrespect to football fans.The 1998 World was disaster with Troussier and in 2010 we became the first host country to be eliminated in group stages under Parreira, what a shame. But in 1996 we won the Africa Nations Cup with a local coach Clive Barker, while Shakes Mashaba won Cosafa Cup twice. Read between the lines. We demand a coach now period. If you can&rsquo;t find one, you shouldn&rsquo;t be in football. We demand better communication and the truth about what&rsquo;s going on at Safa house. Hawuweeeeeng banna!...