SPANISH La Liga defending champions Barcelona will be out to breathe life into their league title aspirations when they take on arch-rivals Real Madrid in the El Clasico at the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium tonight (9pm).Madrid top the log table with 75 points from 31 games with one game in hand. Barca trail the log leaders by three points and they cannot afford to lose this game as they could kiss their chances of winning the league title goodbye. After being eliminated from the Uefa Champions League by Italian champions Juventus on Wednesday 3-0 on aggregate, Barca and their talisman Lionel Messi have it all to do at the Spanish capital. Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals over two legs to inspire the 10 times European champions to the Champions league semi-final against German giants Bayern Munich. Ronaldo scored a hat-trick to become the first player to score 100 goals in Europe&rsquo;s premier club competition as Real ran riot with a 6-3 aggregate victory. Brazilian and Madrid super star Marcelo says the world stops to watch the El Clasico. Marcelo said: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s an exciting match. The world practically stops still to watch. The excitement is in knowing that the world practically stops to see you play and that is priceless. It&rsquo;s a huge thing. Every player wants to play in it, and the people on the street are already talking about this game a month before it&rsquo;s played. I&rsquo;ve been able to play in a few.&rdquo; Marcelo knows that victory will bring his side closer to the league title as they will open up a big gab of six points over Barca with a game in hand. The Brazilians defender added that it was difficult to focus on other matches knowing there was a big match against Barcelona still to come. Their first round meeting at the camp Nou ended in a 1-1 draw. But stakes are high in this pick of the weekend matches in La Liga. Marcelo said: &ldquo;It is very difficult to concentrate on another match knowing that you are going to play the Clasico. Just talking about it gives me goosebumps. I don&rsquo;t know how to explain it. I have the privilege of being part of this game and I believe that there are many people who would like to feel what the players here feel.&rdquo;&nbsp;