CAPE Town City FC head coach Eric Tinkler quickly shifts the focus to defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns and Bidvest Wits when there is any talk of favourites to claim the Absa Premiership title.Tinkler is delighted after his side&rsquo;s 4-1 home win over Chippa United at the Athlone Stadium on Monday that lifted the Citizens to the top of the table, but he is not counting any proverbial chickens before they hatch.Said Tinkler: &ldquo;We have done phenomenally well this season. But we have to keep our feet firmly on the ground. In my book Sundowns and Wits are favourites for the league.&rdquo;Tinkler&rsquo;s side moved to 42 points with eight games to play. The Clever Boys are second, one point behind them, but have two games in hand. Fifth-placed Downs are on 34 points but have four matches in hand over City.Tinkler said his goal was to amass 46 points. Explained the former Bafana Bafana star: &ldquo;That (46 points) will guarantee us a fifth place finish. But I would love to get to 47 and equal Black Aces&rsquo; total for last year. That would be another fantastic achievement.&rdquo;The Citizens chairman John Comitis bought MP Black Aces&rsquo; franchise at the start of the season and formed City. Tinkler, who led Orlando Pirates to both the Caf Confederation Cup and Nedbank Cup finals before joining the new franchise, has excelled in his latest challenge by winning the Telkom Knockout earlier this season.But the coach is not getting carried away: &ldquo;We have three tough games coming up. &ldquo;First we are away to Platinum Stars next Thursday and then we play both Wits and Kaizer Chiefs at home. Those games are crucial.&rdquo; Tinkler said the recent Fifa break had come at the right time and allowed his side to regroup. He explained: &ldquo;Before the break we had drawn a league match (0-0) against Bloemfontein Celtic and lost to ABC Motsepe League side Acornbush in the Nedbank Cup.&rdquo;It was the wake-up call Tinkler&rsquo;s side needed: &ldquo;The talk of winning the league had got to the players and that affected our last two performances. I had time during the break to sit with the players and tell them there is no pressure. &ldquo;I said they must go back to what we do best, playing the open, attacking football that they enjoy without fear or pressure. I said to forget about the league and take it a game at a time. &ldquo;The evidence was there to see against Chippa. But there is still a tough road ahead.&rdquo;