KAIZER CHIEFS coach, Steve Komphela, is out to prevent the Nedbank Cup&rsquo;s biggest shock against third-tier minnows Arconbush United.The teams will battle it out in the last 16 round at Kabokweni Stadium in Nelspruit today (3pm). It&rsquo;s a rare opportunity for the ABC Motsepe outfit to host Mzansi&rsquo;s cup specialists at their 8&thinsp;000 seater stadium in Mpumalanga. The minnows, who have five Amakhosi reserve players on loan in their base, have nothing to lose and everything to gain, in the biggest match of their careers. But elimination is unthinkable for Amakhosi and their mentor Komphela. The amateurs have an opportunity to rub shoulders with their idols. The locals were calling for minnows to take this match to the 2010 World Cup venue, Mbombela, which has a bigger capacity of 40&thinsp;000, but they fear that home ground advantage will be lost. Komphela has no issues playing at the smaller stadium though. United coach, MacDonald Makhubedu, is playing mind games as he is not sure which team he will field for the cup tie. His team has qualified for National First Division play-offs, and as a result of that, the coach fears that his players could sustain injuries. But Komphela says that he will field his strongest possible team to avoid an upset. The minnows stunned Cape Town City FC 1-0 in the first round. Komphela said: &ldquo;We need to show more respect, despite them being two divisions below us. There are a couple of players that we know and we&rsquo;ve got information about their team. They wouldn&rsquo;t have topped their league and beaten a PSL team if they were not serious. We&rsquo;ll take them seriously.&rdquo; Komphela will be without goalkeeper Brilliant Khuzwayo, who is out for 12 weeks due to injury. He said teams tend to up their games against Amakhosi. He said: &ldquo;Teams come up with their A-plus-game against Chiefs and we embrace the challenge. &ldquo;We don&rsquo;t care if they are playing in the ABC Motsepe League and we don&rsquo;t entertain their mind games either.&rdquo; But Makhubedu is confident they will shock Amakhosi. Makhubedu said: &ldquo;Since the draw was made, the players have been ready, and now they just can't wait to play this game. We are confident that we can stun Chiefs. &ldquo;The morale is high in the camp and we are playing at our fortress. We are not going to risk and play our First Team, but will still beat them.&rdquo; Chiefs will rely on the scoring prowess of striker Bernard Parker to reach the last eight.