BAROKA FC coach Kgoloko Thobejane says they are 100% committed to Absa Premiership survival, rather than achieving a Nedbank Cup quarterfinal spot. He said this following their famous 1-0 victory over Absa Premiership title contenders SuperSport United at the Mbombela Stadium on Saturday. Even though their win against United has not seen them budge from the bottom of the log table, the three points have helped them close the gap on the team in 15th place. Baroka are sitting on 18 points from 22 matches, five points behind Orlando Pirates. This win will have come as a huge relief for Thobejane, as it has revived their hopes of surviving the relegation axe. Baroka lock horns with Platinum Stars in the Nedbank Cup Last 16 at the Old Peter Mokaba Stadium tomorrow (7.30pm). Thobejane said: &ldquo;You need to win games to keep the momentum. We would like to make the next round of the cup competition but our league status is more important to us. We&rsquo;ll give up the cup to focus more in the league.&rdquo; This was only Baroka&rsquo;s third win in 22 league games. They have not won a match at their home venue since getting promoted to the PSL. With eight games to go in the league, it is up to them to sink or climb up the standings. Upcoming games include clashes with Free State Stars, Maritzburg United, Bloemfontein Celtic, Highlands Park and Orlando Pirates. Thobejane has acknowledged that the arrival of Milton Dlamini as co-coach has helped. He said: &ldquo;There&rsquo;s no time to look back now, we need to survive through our remaining games. We have to defeat the teams near us in the standings and make our way up. We need to remain consistent going forward.&rdquo;BAROKA FC coach Kgoloko Thobejane says they are 100% committed to Absa Premiership survival, rather than achieving a Nedbank Cup quarterfinal spot. He said this following their famous 1-0 victory over Absa Premiership title contenders SuperSport United at the Mbombela Stadium on Saturday. Even though their win against United has not seen them budge from the bottom of the log table, the three points have helped them close the gap on the team in 15th place. Baroka are sitting on 18 points from 22 matches, five points behind Orlando Pirates. This win will have come as a huge relief for Thobejane, as it has revived their hopes of surviving the relegation axe. Baroka lock horns with Platinum Stars in the Nedbank Cup Last 16 at the Old Peter Mokaba Stadium tomorrow (7.30pm). Thobejane said: &ldquo;You need to win games to keep the momentum. We would like to make the next round of the cup competition but our league status is more important to us. We&rsquo;ll give up the cup to focus more in the league.&rdquo; This was only Baroka&rsquo;s third win in 22 league games. They have not won a match at their home venue since getting promoted to the PSL. With eight games to go in the league, it is up to them to sink or climb up the standings. Upcoming games include clashes with Free State Stars, Maritzburg United, Bloemfontein Celtic, Highlands Park and Orlando Pirates. Thobejane has acknowledged that the arrival of Milton Dlamini as co-coach has helped. He said: &ldquo;There&rsquo;s no time to look back now, we need to survive through our remaining games. We have to defeat the teams near us in the standings and make our way up. We need to remain consistent going forward.&rdquo;