SUPERSPORT United could come out limping against Kaizer Chiefs in what could be seen as a grudge match in their PSL duel tomorrow.Head coach Stuart Baxter is unavailable for this all-important clash at Mbombela Stadium (6pm) due to an operation he had midweek after feeling a bit uncomfortable last weekend.This was following their 5-3 Nedbank Cup victory to Kaizer Chiefs after a 1-1 stalemate after 120 minutes.Now Thabo Mnyamane and Denwin Farmer will undergo late fitness tests to determine the extent of their respective injuries.Despite the club&rsquo;s change room having turned into a medical ward, SuperSport assistant coach Kaitano Tembo believes they will rub more salt into Chiefs&rsquo; open wounds, who are still smarting from a 3-2 loss to Cape Town City.However, the former SuperSport defender is keeping his fingers crossed that Mnyamane and Farmer recover on time for the crunch match. Explains Tembo: &ldquo;We don&rsquo;t have a really big squad and it&rsquo;s not easy to get results when players get injured. We could be minus two key players. &ldquo;Farmer had a dislocated shoulder and I hope it&rsquo;s not serious. Mnyamane suffered a concussion against Chiefs. It was treated and he got better, but he started feeling the pain against Wits, so we had to take him out. Our medical team will assess them to see if they will be available.&rdquo;Two weeks ago Baxter was moaning and groaning about the unavailability of Mnyamane whom he said was their key player, and Tembo cannot afford to be without him.SuperSport are high in confidence after collecting three points against Bidvest Wits, beating them 1-0 on Tuesday. The victory ended SuperSport&rsquo;s slump that saw them collect a mere two points in five league outings. SuperSport are placed fifth in the standing with 40 points, five points behind fourth-placed Chiefs on 45 from 24 matches.Tembo admitted it wouldn&rsquo;t be easy to overcome Chiefs again: &ldquo;We are coming from a rough patch where we lost the last three games. &ldquo;We needed this win (against Wits) to get back into the title race mix. We will recuperate and reassess our squad to see who is available for the game.&rdquo;He said their aim was to finish as high as possible: &ldquo;I think the attitude from players is unbelievable. I mean to play 120 minutes against Chiefs on Saturday and come out on Tuesday to put on a performance like that was brilliant.&rdquo;And, believe it or not, Tembo reckons they still have an outside chance of winning the PSL title, Nedbank Cup and Caf Confederation Cup.