BLIND LOVEBIRDS Kgaugelo and Margaret met on a blind date and it was love at first sight.&nbsp; The elders said they shouldn&rsquo;t rush, but they moved in together a month later.&nbsp; THAT WAS THREE YEARS AGO, AND THEY&rsquo;VE NEVER LOOKED BACK. Yesterday they made their love official.The groom, Kgaugelo Madua (41), paid lobola to the bride&rsquo;s family in Siyabuswa, Mpumalanga on Saturday.The bride, Margaret Monageng (37), came to his home in Section B2, Mamelodi, Tshwane for their traditional wedding yesterday. Kasi people came in numbers to witness the beautiful day. Songs and ululation filled the air and friends and neighbours enjoyed watching the newlyweds dance to music, while holding their canes.The function was attended by other disabled people, who gave speeches and praised the couple for taking the huge step.Speaking at the wedding, Margaret said after their first blind date they attended a disability meeting at the offices of then Tshwane mayor, Kgosientso Ramokgopa. That was when she made up her mind.&ldquo;My friends and family told me not to rush things but I could feel Kgaugelo was the one for me. I did not listen to them and moved in with him less than a month later,&rdquo; she said. She said people warned her relationships were hard, but her husband is kind and easy to live with. &ldquo;He has accepted my three children and I want you all to know, we will live happily ever after.&rdquo; Kgaugelo&rsquo;s mother, Selina Madua, said God had answered her prayers by giving her son a wife. &ldquo;I was always worried about him and wondered who would take care of him when I am gone. &ldquo;But now I&rsquo;m happy because I know they will take care of each other.&rdquo; She made people laugh when she said: &ldquo;And Margaret, your husband is a very handsome man.&rdquo;Kgaugelo said he never thought he would find someone to marry because he was blind.&ldquo;I had given up on love.&rdquo; He said his wife has supported him in his activism for the rights of blind people. &ldquo;When she moved in I thought she would tell me to stop my activism and spend more time with her. Instead, she has campaigned with me,&rdquo; he said.&ldquo;I thank our friend, Lucy Brown, for setting us up on a date.&rdquo;