THE relegation-haunted Highlands Park were given a huge boost yesterday when head coach Gordon Igesund revealed his star striker Collins Mbesuma will be back in action after a five-month lay-off.The Zambian international targetman underwent surgery in November on a knee injury but returns to join the squad for the vital Absa Premiership relegation battle against Ajax Cape Town at the Cape Town Stadium tonight (7.30pm).Said Igesund: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s another big plus for us having Collins back.&rdquo;Igesund is no stranger to rolling up his sleeves in a relegation dogfight and is confident he can steer the Lions of the North to safety.Igesund famously saved Moroka Swallows from relegation in 2010-11 and finished runners-up to Orlando Pirates the following season.Igesund said he needed three wins from Highlands&rsquo; eight remaining fixtures to survive.Highlands are 15th on 20 points, with the Urban Warriors 13th on 22 points.Said Igesund: &ldquo;The golden number to avoid relegation is 30 points and three wins will take us to 29, which will be enough.&rdquo;But Igesund is relishing the coming battle, especially the clash with Ajax: &ldquo;We are up for this fight. It does not take a rocket scientist to work out if we beat Ajax they will sink below us. &ldquo;They go into this match under more pressure than us. Firstly, they are at home and secondly, they will have watched us and seen how well we are playing. &ldquo;We have won two of our last three games and that has given the players a lot of self-belief. I&rsquo;m optimistic we&rsquo;ll beat the axe.&rdquo;Igesund said the fact that the seven bottom teams, were all in the mix meant everyone was under pressure.He said: &ldquo;Chippa United are 10th with 23 points, only five above bottom club Baroka. This shows how tight it is. The fact we have to play a lot of the clubs in the bottom half gives me more hope. &ldquo;There is pressure at the top as well, with five teams fighting for the title. It&rsquo;s a tight league.&rdquo;Chippa, Bloemfontein Celtic, Pirates, Ajax, Free State Stars, Highlands and Baroka are all in the relegation zone.Igesund is happy with the improvement his side has shown: &ldquo;Our two recent wins over Maritzburg United and FS Stars were a massive boost. I&rsquo;m really happy. &ldquo;My first priority when I took over was to rebuild the confidence and in that I have succeeded. I&rsquo;m positive we can get at least three wins from our remaining games, starting with Ajax.&rdquo;