BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic assistant coach Lehlohonolo Seema reckons keeping more clean sheets will increase his side&rsquo;s chances of a Nedbank Cup win.This as Celtic host National First Division (NFD) side Mbombela United in the last-16 round at Dr Petrus Molemela Stadium in Bloemfontein today (3pm).Seema has temporarily been at the helm, while new coach Luc Eymael resolves his case with former employer Polokwane City for an alleged breach of contract. But Eymael&rsquo;s presence at Celtic behind closed doors is evident, considering the side has yet to concede in three games.Celtic beat ABC Motsepe League side Buya Msuthu 2-0 in the last-32 round of Ke Yona, followed by a 1-0 league win over Polokwane City and a goalless draw against defending league champions Mamelodi Sundowns.Said Seema: &ldquo;So far, so good. We managed to get four points from two games. The clean sheet we had is a cherry on top. The goals are starting to count and we are happy that things are going well.&ldquo;It wasn&rsquo;t easy in Polokwane and against Sundowns, but we stuck to our game plan.&ldquo;We are taking it one game at a time, and hopefully more clean sheets will count come end of the season.&rdquo; Seema hails coach Eymael for bringing stability and organisation to the team.Eymael will know his fate tomorrow regarding Polokwane&rsquo;s complaint for breach of contract following his resignation in March.&ldquo;They always say a new broom sweeps clean. The good thing is I&rsquo;m working closely with him. He is a knowledgeable and very experienced coach, and has opened up every channel for us to learn,&rdquo; an excited Seema said. &ldquo;He has confidence in my ability to pass the message to players on the pitch. You can see the organisation and intensity is better. The players who weren&rsquo;t playing are now active. This includes Tshegofatso Mabaso and Moeketsi Mvula. Hopefully, the case will finish so he can be closer to the troops.&rdquo;Seema revealed the side had targeted an impressive eight points from the same number of remaining league matches. &ldquo;If we can have a point from every game we play, then we&rsquo;ll be happy. But if we get three points, it would be a bonus for us because every point counts at this moment,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;The clean sheet we have will stand us a good chance of beating a lot of teams. To get four points on the road after what we have been through is good motivation for the boys.&rdquo;&nbsp;