THE HARDER you work, the luckier you get! That was the words of Orlando Pirates midfield star Mpho Makola on the eve of their crucial Absa Premiership clash with Maritzburg United at Orlando Stadium tonight (7.30pm).Makola said the 4-1 Nedbank Cup Last 16 win over Free State Stars in Orkney at the weekend, where he scored and was named Man of the Match, had helped boost the players&rsquo; confidenceBucs have drifted close to the relegation zone after a poor season that saw Swedish born Kjell Jonevret appointed in February as their third coach this season.Bucs are 12th on 23 points &ndash; only five ahead of bottom side Baroka FC.But the word relegation is not in Pirates&rsquo; vocabulary. Stated Makola: &ldquo;We are Pirates. We need six points from our next two games and we will be clear of that zone.&rdquo;Added Makola: &ldquo;As players we sat down and discussed the situation. We should not be where we are. The chopping and changing of coaches has not helped but that is not an excuse. &ldquo;As players we got the club into this situation and we know it is us who have to get the club out of it. We have a responsibility to our fans and will honour that. &ldquo;We also know we have to work as a team.&rdquo;Makola stressed that they were fired up for the clash with the Team of Choice ,who beat Bucs 2-1 in the first round: &ldquo;The win over Stars was hopefully the turning point for us. &ldquo;It was a confidence boost for me and for all the players. I have not been at my best this season and aim to work harder to help Pirates climb up the table.&rdquo;Makola added that they were not thinking about revenge for the first round loss: &ldquo;We&rsquo;re playing at home. Revenge is the last thing on our minds. &ldquo;All we are focused on is collecting three points &ndash; and three more from our next game (against struggling Highlands Park at Makhulong Stadium on Saturday).&rdquo;He said he was happy to see his skipper, Oupa Manyisa, return to form. Midfield magician Manyisa has been off the boil this season but scored a stunning goal against Ea Lla Koto.Said Makola: &ldquo;Oupa is a quality player but like a lot of us his confidence took a hit. It&rsquo;s great to see Oupa back to his best again.&rdquo;Makola also praised new coach Jonevret: &ldquo;He is a good coach. He is a players&rsquo; coach, he speaks to us and encourages us.&rdquo;Maritzburg players have regained their confidence since Fadlu Davids took charge following the shock departure of underperforming Roger de Sa.