DESPITE denials and refusal to talk about it, the Stuart Baxter and Safa negotiations for the vacant Bafana Bafana coaching post are close to collapse. It is understood that Baxter has demanded nearly R3 million every month from Safa, saying he would personally pay the salaries of his back room staff &ndash; goalkeeper coach and physiotherapist, among others.And making things worse is Baxter&rsquo;s current employers, SuperSport United, demanding that Safa release the coach from his national side contract. The club only gave Baxter the green light last month to start negotiations with Safa, but never made it clear how much it would request to release the Scotsman from his contract. SunSport understands the club&rsquo;s figures are too exorbitant for Safa&rsquo;s liking, which threatens to collapse the deal that&rsquo;s been on the table for almost a month. &ldquo;But this is standard business practice, isn&rsquo;t it?&rdquo; our source exclaimed. &ldquo;Look, deals are there to be broken. But if they succeed, then all the parties must have been in agreement. &ldquo;My understanding is that Safa is not happy with the club&rsquo;s unreasonably high prize to buyout Baxter&rsquo;s contract. It&rsquo;s even prepared to squeeze Baxter&rsquo;s hand to reduce his price, but can&rsquo;t do the same with the club.&rdquo; Baxter had declared that he would not engage the media on this subject again, as he suspected it was behind his club slumping in the league. This was after United conceded six goals to Mamelodi Sundowns in two matches. Even some United players confirmed that things had not been the same since news broke that Baxter was leaving the side at the end of July. Safa president Danny Jordaan, who had just came back from an international trip, was sketchy in his comment. He referred the matter to his CEO Dennis Mumble, who was not available for comment. During his utterances, Jordaan disagreed that negotiations were close to collapse. &ldquo;My belief is that the deal is still on,&rdquo; he said, without elaborating. Bafana has been without a permanent coach for four months since the axing of the controversial Ephraim &ldquo;Shakes&rdquo; Mashaba in December. Owen Da Gama has been holding the fort, and indications are that he will also take charge of the June assignment, when Bafana engage Nigeria in the side&rsquo;s Group E 2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers from 5 to 13 June.&nbsp;