KAIZER Chiefs coach Steve Komphela says the PSL should take action on coaches who go on a tirade in post-match interviews. Komphela was referring to Acornbush United coach MacDonald Makhubedu&rsquo;s outburst after their 2-1 loss to Amakhosi in a Nedbank Cup Last 16 match at the weekend. Makhubedu criticised Chiefs&rsquo; performance on the day, also implying that the future of the senior national team is doomed. Komphela said such comments could incite violence between fans from different teams. He added that coaches continued with such outbursts because they know they will not be held accountable. Said Komphela: &ldquo;I think the PSL must take action. I think some of us coaches talk a lot of rubbish because we know we are not held accountable. There had been a build-up to these comments and we all stood by and watched. &ldquo;In any situation there is a learning process. The PSL must charge us when we bring the game into disrepute.&rdquo;He stressed the importance of thinking before speaking.&ldquo;Many of us say things without thinking, then we apologise later. That&rsquo;s a huge mistake. Think before you say it because when you come and apologise, you have said it already. It&rsquo;s gone, an apology would just be a matter of morals but in terms of intellect, a lot has been read,&rdquo; he added. Although Chiefs only had yesterday to train for their Absa Premiership match against Bloemfontein Celtic at the Dr Molemela Stadium tonight (7.30pm), Komphela hopes it will be enough to get the better of Siwelele, who have been putting up impressive fights against big teams.&ldquo;That&rsquo;s a difficult one, again. We&rsquo;ve only got one session, it&rsquo;s more like a regrouping session. We&rsquo;ll do set-pieces, they define the game lately. &ldquo;If you don&rsquo;t win it in the run of play you have to find the win with set-pieces. It&rsquo;s better to dominate the set-pieces. &ldquo;Celtic have been doing well lately, it&rsquo;s not going to be an easy match. They are playing Chiefs, they will bring their A-plus game,&rdquo; said Komphela.