The Chairperson of the Roads and Transport portfolio committee in the Gauteng Legislature, Jacob Khawe, has called on all stakeholders to do their part in the public transport sector to ensure a safe and reliable transport to the citizens of Gauteng. This is after a detailed first-hand experience by the Committee after numerous complainants from commuters on the status of the trains, taxis and buses in Gauteng. This is part of the committee&rsquo;s (as the representative of the people) work in ensuring service delivery by the Gauteng government.Commuters voiced their dissatisfaction with the mostly used public transport modes in Gauteng. &ldquo;We&rsquo;re talking to the people and we have full evidence of the difficulties daily. We have done work as the legislature to come to this point,&rdquo; Hon Khawe said. The committee recently visited Putco pick-up points in Soshanguwe where the state of the buses was seen together with commuter frustrations on constantly being late for work on the same reasons daily. This forms part of the first stage into a bus inquiry and trying to find the best possible solutions for a better public bus system. A Rail Summit was held in October 2016 where some of the recommendations included lobbying National Parliament to consider legislating for an act equivalent to the Road Accident Fund to compensate victims of rail accidents. But on a daily experience, the poor communication at train stations is a consistent challenge where people jump from one platform to another because they would have been wrongly informed where they would catch their trains, cable theft being largely to blame for the delays.Crime on trains, overcrowding and service delivery protests that resulted in damage to rail property, the illegal and overcrowding of traders, malfunctioning signals which caused accidents and smoking on trains were some of the reported concerns that came to the attention of the committee.It is however also the responsibility of the commuter to protect these assets by reporting cable theft. &ldquo;Communities, protect your assets,&rdquo; urged Hon Khawe who labelled theft of cables as a very serious offence. A comprehensive Taxi licences and permits inquiry was adopted by the Gauteng Legislature where recommendations were made to curb some of the challenges faced by the taxi industry with great impact on commuters. The recommendations are being implemented by the Gauteng Department of Roads and Transport with a predicted outcome that would benefit commuters who are often caught in the cross fire of taxi associations. Khawe said there was need to do away with a mindset that treated leadership as the sole responsibility of government, saying everyone had a part to play in getting the public system in order.