PLATINUM Stars head coach Cavin Johnson will use a mix-and-match approach to their Caf Confederation Cup play-off round, first leg clash with AS Tanda in the Ivory Coast on Sunday. Johnson will freshen up his side by releasing seven players from the side that scraped to a 1-0 win in extra time over Baroka FC in a Nedbank Cup Last 16 round clash in Polokwane on Tuesday and adding seven rested players.Said Johnson: &ldquo;I have some players not registered with Caf, some without passports, and Robert Ng&rsquo;ambi is suspended by Caf after being sent off in the previous round (against Mozambique&rsquo;s Uniao Desportiva do Songo). &ldquo;But I&rsquo;m not worried. We played without Robert in the second leg of our game against Vipers from Uganda and got through to this round. I will be bringing in seven fresh players, including a couple of promising youngsters who did not play against Baroka, for our trip to Ivory Coast.&rdquo;Missing the trip to the eastern Ivorian city of Tanda will be striker Henrico Botes, Gerald Phiri and new signing Willem Mwedihanga. Those returning to the squad include experienced Solomon Mathe, Sibusoso Msomi, Gift Links, Charles Baloyi and Gift Sithole, along with a couple of up-and-coming youngsters.The squad jetted out on a 12.55am flight this morning and landed in Ivory Coast at 11am.Johnson is not fazed by the travelling: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s not a worry. The good thing is that we will be playing on an artificial pitch &ndash; not the hills we&rsquo;ve played on in previous rounds. I&rsquo;m happy about the pitch.&rdquo;Johnson has also done his homework on Tanda: &ldquo;They are technically not that strong. But they are fast &ndash; as you know any team with pace can be dangerous. They are an attacking side, which suits us, but we will have to watch for all the usual time-wasting tricks.&rdquo;Johnson is determined to get into the group phase of the Confed Cup. The winner of this round will go through to the new-look format where the last 16 sides form four groups of four teams.Said Johnson: &ldquo;My goal is to go as far as possible in both Africa and the Nedbank Cup. We got to the quarterfinals of the Nedbank, now let&rsquo;s try and get into the next round of the Confed Cup. We&rsquo;ll give it our best shot.&rdquo;