THERE will be no extra pressure on Cape Town City players when they host Absa Premiership contenders Bidvest Wits in a top-of-the-table clash at the Cape Town Stadium tomorrow (7.30pm).That was the assurance given by the Citizens head coach Eric Tinkler as he plots his former club&rsquo;s downfall and to move three points ahead of joint leaders Kaizer Chiefs at the top of the standings.City and Amakhosi top the table with 45 points. Gavin Hunt&rsquo;s Clever Boys are only a point behind with two matches in hand over the Citizens.Tinkler stressed he wouldn&rsquo;t sacrifice his entertaining attacking style for three points: &ldquo;We have achieved more that we could have envisioned in our first season. I will adjust my tactics and personnel for Wits. It will be a case of horses for courses. &ldquo;I want to see a good performance. To me that is more important. I won&rsquo;t put any pressure on my players.&rdquo;That means Tinkler will continue his refreshing style of attacking play. He is reading nothing into the Clever Boys&rsquo; 1-0 loss away to Egyptian side Smouha at the weekend, which saw Wits bomb out of the Caf Confederation Cup to focus on the league title.Tinker also stressed yesterday that this game was not a league decider. He rates Wits as favourites for the title. The former Orlando Pirates mentor explained: &ldquo;Wits have the depth. The top five teams are very tight. &ldquo;All the contenders have to play each other and teams will drop points. But Wits have those games in hand and for me are one of the big favourites. This is a big game for us but win or lose, it will not decide who wins the league.&rdquo;City beat Wits 3-2 at Milpark in the first round and Tinkler would be happy with a similar result.In another massive game tomorrow, champions Mamelodi Sundowns face SuperSport United at Lucas Moripe Stadium in their second Tshwane derby within six days. The Brazilians destroyed Matsatsantsa 5-0 at Loftus Versfeld last Thursday.Skipper Lebogang Manyama has been brilliant for City this season. Said Tinkler: &ldquo;He has been good but he will admit he can improve on his last two performances. &ldquo;So I&rsquo;m looking to him to up his game against Wits.&rdquo;Midfield hardman Roland Putsche returns from suspension and could start on the bench, as defensive midfielders Thabo Nodada and Thato Mokeke have impressed the City head coach.Said Tinkler: &ldquo;Both Nodada and Mokeke played really well in our 4-2 away win over Platinum Stars last week and with Putsche back it gives me a really nice headache in the middle of the park.&rdquo;Meanwhile, midfield ironman Mpho Matsi is out for the rest of the season after picking up a groin injury against Chippa United.