VETERAN ultra-distance runner, Ludwick Mamabolo, has had enough of being a bridesmaid!The running legend from Limpopo says he&rsquo;s tired of picking the runners-up medal. Mamabolo has been playing second fiddle in major races for too long and has even lost count of how many times he finished second. Mamabolo has now set his sights on the Old Mutual Two Oceans Marathon taking place in Cape Town on 15 April. Fresh from finishing second at the Om die Dam Ultra Marathon at Hartbeespoort, in North West two week ago, the former Comrades Marathon champion is determined to win the 56km marathon event in the Mother City during the Easter weekend. Mamabolo, who runs in the colours of Nedbank, clocked 2 hours 56 minutes and 51 seconds to finish behind Zimbabwean long distance specialist, Colin Parura (2:53:54) at the Om die dam Marathon. Last year Mamabolo finished second in the Comrades Marathon and also at the Om die Dam event. Zimbabwean long distance sensation, Mike Fokoroni, defended his title when he clocked (3:13:33) in the popular marathon in the Mother City. Mamabolo, who lost his dad just two days before the Two Oceans Marathon last year, settled for sixth position (3:17:52). Fokoroni confirmed he would be back to defend his title this year. He is currently attending a training camp in Bindura, north of Harare, Zimbabwe. A staggering R1&thinsp;million has been put aside for any male athlete that will break the course record of (3:03:44) set by Thompson Magawana in 1988. The ladies will also be rewarded with R1&thinsp;million, if they break Frith van der Merwe&rsquo;s record of 3:30:36 registered in 1989. The pot of gold was first introduced in 2014, but no runner has come close to getting their hands on the big prize. Mamabolo said: &ldquo;How many times have I been second? &ldquo;I have to get a win this year at the Two Oceans marathon. &ldquo;But Om die Dam has prepared me for the big one in Cape Town. I can do it because I believe in myself.&rdquo; Mzansi&rsquo;s marathon queen Caroline Wostmann defended her Om die Dam Marathon title with 3:29:47 and she is the favourite going into the ladies marathon in Cape Town. Last year, Wostmann won the Two Oceans with the time of 3:44:44 and few can bet against her winning the marathon again.