THIS weekend South Africa is still trying to understand President Jacob Zuma&rsquo;s &ldquo;mystery midnight move&rdquo;.He booted ministers Pravin Gordhan and Mcebis Jonas out of his Cabinet, against the advice of senior ANC members.It came at a time when the country is treading on the brink of a downgrade to junk status &ndash; which would hit poor South Africans hardest of all. And yet the president fired the two men who had the talent and experience to stave off the looming downgrade disaster.Why punish the competent ministers and keep Bathabile &ldquo;Sassa&rdquo; Dlamini in Cabinet? Why put new boy Malusi Gigaba in charge of our national purse when he knows little about economics or finance?These and other angry questions were raised as news sank in on Friday morning. The ANC Women&rsquo;s League and the ANC Youth League expressed confidence in Zuma&rsquo;s action, saying it was for the good of the nation.As overseas markets opened and the rand started sinking in value, Gwede Mantashe fumed and fretted in a chat with Talk 702&rsquo;s Xolani Gwala. He said the reshuffle had not been drawn up or approved by the upper echelon of the governing party. He didn&rsquo;t mention the &ldquo;G&rdquo; word.But when the EFF joined the battle, the Gupta influence was the main message of the day. And it went something like this: Gordhan and Jonas had to go because they were standing in the way of the Gupta family&rsquo;s plans to capture the South African Treasury and then use it to further enrich themselves.&nbsp;In the EFF analysis, Gigaba is a puppet sent in by Zuma to do the bidding of the brothers Gupta. EFF&rsquo;s Mbuyiseni Ndlozi sees the reshuffle as a Gupta coup, whereby they can dig deep into the SA Treasury funds at will &ndash; as they were hoping to do under Des van Rooyen in 2015. The EFF gave notice that the red berets intend bringing Zuma down, using means such as the ConCourt and a repeated parliamentary vote of no confidence.Julius Malema stated that his party was already lobbying ANC MPs to vote against Zuma. He said some 70 extra ANC votes would tip the balance, because every minority would back a no-confidence vote.Chief-Whip Jackson Mthembu has expressed his disgust, and condemned Zuma&rsquo;s reshuffle, saying it was not in the interests of South Africa. And even No 2, Cyril Ramaposa, has expressed disagreement with the midnight reshuffle. But top ANC members have not resigned, possibly so they can carry on the fight from within the party.A classic struggle tradition is back: the political funeral. At the burial of Rivonia trialist Ahmed Kathrada, Gordhan got a standing ovation. Zuma had been told not to come. There are two more memorial services which could turn into anti-Zuma rallies attended by ANC faithful. A new South Africa could be born in 2017 &ndash; it could be heaven, or hell. But it&rsquo;s far too early to predict which it will be. &ndash;&ensp;News24&nbsp;