With all the talk about the recent ratings downgrade, Daily Sun approached Standard Bank Economist Siphamandla Mkhwanazi to help us make sense of it all. &nbsp;What is a ratings agency?A ratings agency is tasked with evaluating the capability of a borrower of paying back the money. They are intermediaries between investors and borrowers. The government uses these rating agencies to assess their capacity to pay back the money. The investors on the other hand use this information to determine whether they want to lend to this government or this institution, and at what interest rate. The higher your ratings are, the lower the interest rate you pay, and the more people would want to lend you money. The lower your ratings&rsquo; score, the less people would like to do business with you and the higher the interest rate you will pay on those debts. Do we have to borrow money? Definitely, we have to borrow money. You will remember what happened between 2008 and 2009 when the world went into a recession. What the government did then was to increase its number of employees and to expand its social grant programme in order to support the economy that was struggling at the time. It was not generating enough revenue at the time to fund all these things so it had to go out into the international markets in order to be able to fund those programmes and other programmes like infrastructure expansion.&nbsp;&nbsp; Governments do not raise enough revenue to adequately fund their expenditure needs. They have to go out and borrow money.&nbsp; Why the three rating agencies, Standard &amp; Poor's (S&amp;P), Moody's, and Fitch Group? Why can&rsquo;t we just set up our own ratings agency? We can and there are other ratings agencies. It&rsquo;s just that the top three control the largest share of the market &ndash; I think it&rsquo;s about 90% of the entire market. There are others but they&rsquo;re quite small. You can set up a ratings agency &ndash; BRICS countries could definitely set up their own ratings agencies. But what they&rsquo;d have to do though is win the trust of investors because it&rsquo;s all about the credibility of the agency. These three &ndash; rightly or wrongly &ndash; have earned the trust of the investors over the years. They are used by these big investors which control the largest share of the market. Why were we downgraded? Things have been tough for a while in South Africa. Why suddenly now? The writing has been on the wall for quite some time. The downward trend really started around 2012 post the Marikana event and the risks have been there. The ratings agencies have been saying that South Africa is at risk of being downgraded. What triggered the move this time around was our political noise, our domestic risks. Ratings agencies don&rsquo;t necessarily assess a political event on its own but they would assess it in so far as it affects the country&rsquo;s ability to grow the economy and be able to raise enough revenues to be able to pay back the money it owes. This time around the ratings agencies assessed the situation to the negative. They thought that the current political noise is a significant shift in policy direction and it would necessitate them to downgrade our outlook because from their perspective it looked like the country would not be able to grow at a fast enough pace to enable the government to raise enough revenue and pay their debt. So we&rsquo;d have to borrow more and more and more Yes, we&rsquo;d have to borrow more and more money. The result of that is that because now it&rsquo;s more difficult for the government to go out and borrow and it&rsquo;s at a higher cost, things like raising more taxes come back to the discussion table.&nbsp; It is one of the things that could potentially result out of this move.&nbsp; What effect does the downgrade have on specifically municipalities and service delivery? It&rsquo;s the entire country that is downgraded. The municipality is an arm of government and a municipality cannot have a better grade than the government, so all of us are downgraded. Some municipalities &shy;- the bigger ones like City of Johannesburg &ndash; are able to go out in the international markets and borrow money to fund their service delivery needs and with the smaller municipalities, the Treasury does it on their behalf. All the municipalities are affected by this and this will affect their ability to access international and other credit, and they&rsquo;ll be paying more interest on those debts and that will definitely affect their ability to fund their service delivery. We are all affected by this by different degrees.&nbsp; How will SunReaders see the impact of the downgrade? The effect is not going to be immediate. There&rsquo;s our economy and there&rsquo;s financial markets. In the financial markets you will see it immediately with the rand reacting. But in the real economy, between you and me, it&rsquo;ll take a bit of time and here are the channels.If you are a low-income earner &ndash; say for example you rely on pension funds or social grants as your main source of income &ndash; because the government will now pay more on their debt it means they&rsquo;re taking away money from other social programmes they could have spent on. It means that for next year, before the downgrade, if government was going to increase social grants by R20, it will now increase by R10. If the government wanted to include more people in the social grant programme, it will now include less people because that money is now going to be directed towards paying off their debt.So it affects everyone &ndash; from low to high income earners.On the lower income end, it&rsquo;s really just about service delivery, it&rsquo;s about the capacity of the government to support the social grant spending, and the capacity of the government to expand employment. Remember the government is one of the biggest employers in the country. It affects the government&rsquo;s capacity to employ more people. The risks that come with being downgraded are that you are unable to attract investment and therefore we are unable to create more jobs. Unemployment is likely to go up.If you are a middle income earner you are really looking at the possibility of more tax hikes and the possibility of interest rate hikes.&nbsp;Another potential effect of a downgrade: It all depends on how the currency reacts. At the moment the currency did react by becoming as weak as many people anticipated.&nbsp; However, with the weaker currency comes higher inflation. It means that, because we import oil, it will be more expensive. That will mean that petrol prices go up. We import wheat &ndash; with the weaker currency it means that wheat will be more expensive.&nbsp; Wheat is used in producing flour and bread. So prices of all those things effectively are going to go up.Those things affect mostly people in the lower income brackets because it&rsquo;s the poor who really spend more on transport and food, although it will affect everyone.For a low income earner it&rsquo;s really about service delivery - the capacity of government to build more roads, fix the current roads, build structures, build schools and spend on health. All those things will be affected in the long run.How long before all of this goes away or what is needed for this to calm down?Our studies show that on average it should take round about five to seven years to get back to investment grade. But there are countries that have taken shorter than that and there are countries that have taken much longer than that.In our view, what really matters is how the government handles all of this.There are a few alternatives available for the government.If you were to be paying more interest on your debt, how would you react?One, you could ask for more income from your employer or try to get more alternative sources of income; or you cut on your spending to reduce the debt; or a combination of the two.Reducing your debt if you are government means that the people are not getting enough service delivery. There are tough choices that the government has to make, but all of them relate to how they manage their finances going forward that&rsquo;s going to determine how long it takes us to get out of this hole.&nbsp;In terms of government pension funds?Government pension funds depend on what the stock and bond &nbsp;markets perform. Remember the government pension funds are invested into these markets.&nbsp;We have found that in countries that have been downgraded, stock prices tend to perform weaker than before the downgrade. So, that&nbsp;directly affects the government pension funds &ndash; or even private pension funds, all of them actually.Is an interest hike of massive proportions inevitable?It all depends on how the currency reacts and how the government handles this thing.On currency, we so far have been protected by the global developments. There is a move in the international markets that likes emerging markets. So it&rsquo;s not by our own doing, it&rsquo;s a general market sentiment that emerging markets are the way to go currently. It benefitted from that &ndash; that&rsquo;s why you haven&rsquo;t seen the rand shooting up.Interest rates of that proportion are unlikely in that environment although a hike is possible but it&rsquo;s not going to be of immense proportions. The position that we are in now is much better than in 2015 when Nhlanhla Nene was fired, for example, although political uncertainty still remains but the economic fundamentals are better than what they were in 2015. That&rsquo;s sort of protected us a bit.&nbsp;