MAMELODI Sundowns are back with a bang, and once they find their top gear, there will be no stopping them.The goals had dried up, but the Brazilians have now found their scoring touch again. Fresh from their 5-0 demolition of SuperSport United in the Absa Premiership Tshwane derby on Thursday, coach Pitso &ldquo;Jingles&rdquo; Mosimane, says he expects his team to be ruthless in their remaining league matches. The former Bafana Bafana coach is tired of draws and demands victories as the league title race enters its final stretch. The Tshwane giants visit struggling Free State Stars in a league game at the James Motlatsi Stadium today (3pm). The Brazilians are fourth on the log table with 38 points from 22 matches, while Stars are 14th with 22 points from 23 games. If there is a team that the Brazilians never struggled to pick up points against, it has to be Ea Lla Koto. The defending league champions ended their six games winless run in the league in emphatic style against SuperSport. Mosimane expects the same performance against Ea Lla Koto. Mosimane said: &ldquo;We should tread carefully going to the Stars game, we need to respect them. But they are a team that we have been getting results from in the past three seasons. We have beaten them with high scores and have enjoyed ourselves against them, but you never know if they&rsquo;ll rise to the occasion.&rdquo; Mosimane has every reason to believe that it will be another walk in the park against Ea Lla Koto. The Brazilians have won 15 matches, drew seven and lost just two games in their past 24 meetings. The Brazilians have scored 20 goals against the Free State outfit in their past five meetings. After the Ea Lla Koto game, Mosimane will renew his rivalry with SuperSport coach, Stuart Baxter, on Wednesday night (7.30pm) at Lucas Moripe Stadium in Atteridgeville. Mosimane said: &ldquo;I&rsquo;m relieved about the SuperSport win as there was tension and a lot of stress. I hadn&rsquo;t been sleeping properly because we were not scoring goals. &ldquo;But I&rsquo;m now feeling better. The quality is there for everyone to see and I knew that once we started scoring, we would give someone a hiding.&rdquo; &nbsp;