Are the anti-Zuma protests racial? Is Zuma a problem? These are two questions the People&rsquo;s Paper posed to readers in Cape Town this morning. Aniswa Qapeza (23) from Site B in Khayelitsha said: &ldquo;Is not about racism because we are all affected by Zuma&rsquo;s poor leadership. There were many white people here in Cape Town because they are bosses and could attend the march. But those who are workers couldn&rsquo;t.&rdquo; Nontsikelelo Mani (23) from Site B said: &ldquo;I agree with Zuma that the march showed racism because when FeesMustFall students marched white people didn&rsquo;t join us because it had nothing to do with them. But now that it&rsquo;s about downgrades they have companies and are in the streets. They drag black people with them to neutralize their racism. However Zuma is not working in the interest of the country at this point. The economy is going down every day because of Zuma&rsquo;s mismanagement of the country. I think he has to leave.&rdquo; Siyabulela Jama (32) from Delft said: &ldquo;Zuma takes crucial decisions that determine success or failure of over 55 million people without consulting proper channels. He has to go now because having another month with him in the office is going to cost South Africa&rsquo;s economy. I don&rsquo;t think Zuma&rsquo;s claims that it is all about racism is true. When we were in the streets last week it was not about race. It was about our country and it&rsquo;s everyone&rsquo;s interest, but Zuma doesn&rsquo;t want to do what is right.&rdquo; Madala Sale Sulelo (57) from Makhaza Khayelitsha said: &ldquo;I feel that Zuma has to leave the office because he is the source of the problem we are facing as a country. If he doesn&rsquo;t agree with someone he kicks them out. That&rsquo;s what he did to Julius Malema and his name is also involved in various factions that broke away from the ANC. His name is too dirty for a president. The people are saying the ANC will not see us in 2019 and they should take the warning seriously. Zuma has to leave that&rsquo;s all.&rdquo; Sibongiseni Tafeni (26) from Grassy Park said: &ldquo;The revolution was fought by lots of people, not Msholozi alone. Some of the ANC leaders have been covering for him but I think it&rsquo;s high time they all consider the interest of the country first. Why would a President change cabinet in the middle of the night? We voted him into power and he has to tell us why he is removing leaders that are doing well and leaving those who are lazy. He has to justify his actions to us the electorate.&rdquo; Nolundi Libala (33) from Philippi said: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s time for him to leave the office, everyone is crying because of Zuma. He does what he likes on the expense of our dear country. The marches are not racially aligned because the poor leadership is affecting all of us. Zuma will make our country to look like Zimbabwe because he is turning into a dictator slowly but surely.&rdquo; Xoliswa Daka (40) from Khayelitsha said: &ldquo;Every sane person in this country does not want Zuma for president. He must leave. ANC supporters must ask the president to step down. I strongly believe there are elements of racism in the protests because white people own companies and will be affected by the downgrades and that&rsquo;s why they are in the streets.&rdquo;