World Bipolar Day is celebrated each year on 30 March.This year Life Healthcare encourages awareness and early detection to end the social stigma about the disease.Bipolar disorder is misunderstood in many Mzansi communities &ndash; which risks tragic consequences to sufferers and their families. According to the World Health Organization, bipolar disorder is the sixth leading cause of disability worldwide. Previously known as manic-depressive disorder, bipolar disorder is a condition that causes sudden and extreme shifts in mood, energy, activity as well as the ability to carry out day-to-day tasks. These extreme highs and extreme lows affect thoughts, feelings, physical health, behaviour and ability to function even at a basic level.Dr Riyas Fadal, Life Healthcare Group Complementary Services manager, said in the manic or &ldquo;high&rdquo; phase of the illness &ldquo;you are not just happy but ecstatic, you are filled with an almost supernatural abundance of joy and energy&rdquo;. &ldquo;This high is followed by severe depression, which is the &lsquo;low&rsquo; phase of the disease. There can be periods of fairly normal moods between cycles.&rdquo;These cycles are different for different people, and can last for days, weeks or even months. &ldquo;While bipolar disorder can be disabling, it also responds well to treatment. Since many other diseases appear to be manic depression, it&rsquo;s important that the person gets a complete medical evaluation as soon as possible.&rdquo;The exact cause of bipolar disorder is unknown, but it is believed to be a combination of biochemical, genetic and psychological factors. Each type of bipolar disorder often has its own unique set of symptoms:- Unrealistic but grand ideas about your abilities and power.- Sleeping very little but still feeling extremely energetic.- Feeling extremely optimistic or extremely irritable.- Thoughts that jump quickly from one idea to the next.- Impulsive, with poor judgment.- Feeling hopeless, sad or empty. - Fatigue or loss of energy.Feeling worthless or guilty.- Thoughts of death or suicide.For help, contact 011 219 9626 or email mentalhealth.headoffice@lifehealthcare.co.za.