GAUTENG MEC for Education Panyaza Lesufi has not given up on relegated SAB League side Moroka Swallows!He disclosed yesterday that he would be negotiating to buy a Premier Soccer League franchise in the next three months.Failing that, he would be looking at buying the franchise of a National First Division club or a team in the ABC Motsepe League, from where the Birds have just been relegated.The once mighty Birds suffered their worst humiliation in their 70-year history at the weekend when they were relegated to the SAB League (fourth tier) after a 2-1 loss to Orange Vaal Professionals.However, Lesufi stressed yesterday that all was not lost: &ldquo;I can&rsquo;t say too much at this stage, as I got my fingers burnt last time when I wanted to buy a PSL franchise.&ldquo;But I have taken the next 16 days off in the school holidays to travel countrywide and canvas influential people who have indicated that they would be willing to help me save Swallows. &ldquo;This club is too big to die. I will do everything in my power to save it. We have a survival plan and hope to see the Birds flying high when we celebrate our 70th birthday on 10 October this year. &ldquo;I&rsquo;m quietly confident I can succeed and keep the Birds alive.&rdquo;Lesufi admitted the club was bankrupt with debts of over R197 million: &ldquo;Players were not paid, coach Fani Madida and his technical team were not paid &ndash; but all credit to Fani, he saw it through.&ldquo;We owe so many creditors including Fifa and Safa, players and the SA Revenue Services, who want to liquidate us. But if the club was liquidated everyone would lose and get nothing. All I&rsquo;m asking is three months to try and turn things around. &ldquo;But to do that we need to bring in a professional management and legal team to help us.&rdquo;Lesufi apologised to the loyal supporters: &ldquo;We have also suffered during this painful period. But I want to say sorry to our fans and the soccer fraternity for where we find ourselves.&rdquo; The club, once worth over R60 million in the PSL, is now a shell worth only R250 000 at best. But should all efforts to buy a franchise fail, the supporters headed by Lesufi intend to ensure Swallows continue to operate in the SAB League.