MAMELODI Sundowns will approach their Absa Premiership Tshwane derby against SuperSport United at Loftus Versfeld tomorrow at 6pm with caution. The cold, hard fact is that things seem to be falling apart for the Chloorkop based outfit &ndash; and their neighbours would love nothing more than adding another nail to their coffin. For the first time in many years, the Brazilians go into this derby against their bitter rivals as underdogs. The league champions are not used to the position they are in going into the pick of the week&rsquo;s Premiership matches. Downs are in desperate need of the three points to help them recover from their slump. They are winless in six matches in all competitions now and pressure is mounting on coach Pitso Mosimane and his troops to turn the corner. Skipper Hlompho Kekana welcomes the underdogs tag, saying Matsatsantsa a Pitori are favourites to win. Whether he is attempting to shift the spotlight away from his team or playing mind games remains to be seen. Kekana said: &ldquo;Underdogs are an apt description for us right now. SuperSport are on a roll and expected to win the derby. &ldquo;We need to score goals if we are to get through our rough patch. At the moment we are just lacking confidence.&ldquo;As players we have talked about it and know we have to double our efforts.&rdquo; The Brazilians are fifth in the table with 35 points from 19 matches, while Matsatsantsa are fourth with 37 points from 21 matches. SuperSport were stunned 1-0 by relegation-haunted Baroka FC in their previous match. There were reports that they lost because of growing talk that head coach Stuart Baxter could be on his way to Bafana Bafana. But star midfielder Reneilwe &ldquo;Yeye&rdquo; Letsholonyane denies this: &ldquo;I don&rsquo;t think that has affected us. As far as I know he is still with us. Whatever happens after the season is his decision.&rdquo; Letsholonyane hit back at Kekana&rsquo;s underdogs claims, saying: &ldquo;We are not reading too much into Downs&rsquo; poor form. This is the derby. They are the favourites but we are going for the three points.&rdquo; Letsholonyane won the title with Baxter at Chiefs and he says there is more hunger to achieve the same feat this season: &ldquo;We are going for the title.&rdquo;