PUTTING lotions on your skin won&rsquo;t help, if you&rsquo;re not eating properly &ndash; and these tips will help you do just that.&nbsp; Foods for better skin&nbsp; -&thinsp;Nuts&nbsp; Nuts and seeds, particularly almonds, are a natural anti-inflammatory, so they also can help treat skin disorders like acne, psoriasis and eczema. These nuts also contain Vitamin E which has antioxidant properties that support healthy skin growth. - Fresh fruit and vegetables&nbsp; Orange, red and green vegetables contain powerful antioxidants that help protect the skin from damage caused by smoking, pollution and sunlight. These vegetables also contain beta-carotene (found in pumpkin, carrots and sweet potatoes) which helps prevent dry, flaky skin, and reduces wrinkles. - Olives and olive oil&nbsp; The antioxidant and&nbsp;anti-inflammatory properties of olives and olive oil don&rsquo;t just benefit you on the inside &ndash; they also soften your skin.They provide antioxidants that reduce inflammation. Also, in addition to working olive oil into your daily diet, you can apply it as a lip gloss and skin soother.Foods to avoid for better skin&nbsp; -&thinsp;Sugar&nbsp; Sugar can weaken our immune system. And when our immune systems are suppressed, our bodies aren&rsquo;t as effective at fighting off bacteria &ndash; a leading cause of acne and other inflammatory skin conditions. More bacteria mean more toxins and worse skin condition. - &thinsp;Starchy Foods&nbsp; Starches like white bread, pasta and white rice cause rapid spikes in blood sugar, which leads to inflammation in the body. This process produces enzymes that break down collagen and elastin, which causes sagging skin and wrinkles. In addition, these starches (due to their high-glycemic index) also spark breakouts. So the next time you&rsquo;re craving that bowl of pasta, you may want to think about opting for the whole grains option. Beware of drinking too much booze. This substance is a natural diuretic, which means the more you drink, the more dehydrated you become. It also saps the natural moisture from your skin, which can make those wrinkles and fine lines seem like bigger deals. It can also trigger outbreaks of pimples. But one glass of wine won&rsquo;t kill you. Just don&rsquo;t smoke!