ORLANDO Pirates head coach Kjell Jonevret is a happy man!Jonevret has described the last two weeks as his best since he came to South Africa four months ago to join Pirates.Bucs reached the semifinals of the Nedbank Cup after defeating Bloemfontein Celtic 2-1 on Saturday night at Orlando Stadium. They join Chippa United, Golden Arrows and defending champions SuperSport United in the last four. The draw for the semifinals will be made tonight. Thamsanqa Gabuza scored a winning goal in extra time for the Buccaneers. This after former Pirates player Kabelo Mahlasela cancelled out Abubbaker Mobara&rsquo;s strike in the last three minutes of the game.Bucs also managed to collect four points from their last two league encounters, something that has made the coach more excited. Pirates defeated Maritzburg United 2-1 and went on to draw 0-0 with struggling side Highlands Park.Jonevret said: &ldquo;It was a good week for us, two wins and a draw (one win in the cup competition and the other in the Absa Premiership). &ldquo;We scored six goals and conceded only one. It was for sure a really good week for us. &ldquo;We had hoped for a little more against Highlands Park, but the week we had we tried to have more players on the offensive half when we have the ball.&ldquo;I was very happy with how we played in the first half against Celtic. Although we didn&rsquo;t create many chances, Mobara and Issa Sarr managed to do a lot of offensive runs,&rdquo; he said. However, the Swedish born coach also understands that his side are under immense pressure in the league as Pirates&rsquo; fans are expecting them to finish among the top eight. The Soweto giants have never finished the season outside the top eight.He added: &ldquo;It is going to be a hard race in the league as there is no huge difference between the bottom half clubs and the ones in the top eight. &ldquo;We know it is going to be tough in the last six games but hopefully we win our games to ease things. &ldquo;The win against Celtic gave us a huge boost.&rdquo;Bucs host relegation threatened Baroka FC at Orlando Stadium on Wednesday in their next league fixture.