GOLDEN Arrows defender Lehlohonolo Nonyane believes homeground advantage will give them the energy to stab their dart deep in Orlando Pirates&rsquo; hearts in their Nedbank Cup semifinal.Arrows will host Bucs in KwaZulu-Natal next month in the Ke Yona Cup semifinal match with dates and venues yet to be confirmed by the PSL. In the other semifinal, Chippa United will drag SuperSport United to the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium.The winners will meet at Durban&rsquo;s Moses Mabhida Stadium on 24 June at 8:15pm in the final.This will spur on Abafana Bes&rsquo;thende to beat Pirates for another chance to play at home and hopefully walk away as Ke Yona champions.Arrows have not won a cup competition since the 2009-10 season when they beat Ajax Cape Town 6-0 in the MTN8 final under former coach Manqoba Mngqithi. Said Nonyane: &ldquo;Playing at home will give us the upper hand and winning against Pirates will be good because we would play at home in the final again. We have to prepare well for the match.&rdquo;Some MultiChoice Diski Challenge winning players have fitted in well with the senior Arrows side. Nonyane said having the juniors train with the first team offered them an easier transition when they had to play in the PSL. Meanwhile, for the Buccaneers, getting this far in the competition is motivation to finish the season on a high. Bucs have been struggling and being on their 80th anniversary, walking away with the cup would make their supporters forget the unpleasant season. Defender Ayanda Gcaba said they didn&rsquo;t feel the pressure, but that getting to the final would be good for them. Said Gcaba: &ldquo;Arrows are a good side. I have watched them play in the cup. They play good football. &ldquo;Playing away or at home is really the same for us. Whenever we play in Durban, we win. But we don&rsquo;t want to go there with that mentality.&rdquo;The Soweto side last won a tournament in the 2013-14 season with the Ke Yona cup.&ldquo;I would personally love to lift the cup,&rdquo; he added.