MZANSI&rsquo;S big-name sprinters lived up to their expectations at the ASA Senior National Athletics Championships at the Puk McArthur Stadium in Potchefstroom on Friday night.Olympic gold medallist Wayde van Niekerk, Olympic 100m finalist Akani Simbine, 2016 100m champion Heinricho Bruintjies, rising teenage sensation Thando Roto, world championship bronze medallist Anaso Jobodwana and comeback kid, Simon Magakwe, set the local champs alight. These are exciting times for South African athletics.The #FillUpPotch initiative proved to be a success as a sold out crowd turned out to witness history in the making.For the first time in years, five top sprinters &ndash; Simbine, Magakwe, Van Niekerk, Bruintjies and Emile Erasmus &ndash; took part in a fiercely contested 100m final in front of a capacity crowd.Simbine stopped the clock at 9,95 seconds to finish in front of Olympic 400m record holder Van Niekerk, who registered 10,04 in second place.Jobodwana and Magakwe pulled out of the 100m final during warm-up because of injury.Simbine said: &ldquo;I&rsquo;m pretty happy with the time and I got the job done against a field that has the potential to run a sub-10, not just one or two athletes, but a whole field.&ldquo;I see it as exciting times for South African athletes and we need to milk this. We can become a sprint powerhouse in the world the potential is there for all to see. I&rsquo;m excited for the future of athletics in Mzansi.&rdquo;Simbine also praised the huge crowd for coming out in numbers to watch them. Simbine and Van Niekerk received the biggest cheers during the warm-up before the main event that everyone had been waiting for.&ldquo;We actually filled Potch and we brought back the excitement. &ldquo;The stands were packed and I was content in my heart to see the crowd adding to the atmosphere. &ldquo;I came here to win and that&rsquo;s what I did. Racing against Wayde was unbelievable. We had not raced against each other before and we both took the opportunity to entertain the crowd,&rdquo; Simbine added. Van Niekerk said: &ldquo;I&rsquo;m quite excited because the generation that&rsquo;s coming now is strong. Slowly but surely we are turning into Jamaica. We have great depth. I pushed myself hard in the final and there are quite a lot of areas that need to be sharpened. I&rsquo;m also excited by Magakwe&rsquo;s return. It gives us extra motivation.&rdquo;