TEMPERAMENTAL Bidvest Wits coach Gavin Hunt is not an easy man to please!Hunt threw a tantrum after watching his side crash out of the Nedbank Cup competition to National First Division outfit Jomo Cosmos 5-4 on penalties after the sides were tied 1-1 following a 120-minute battle.As is often the case after a defeat, the coach had several complaints, expressing his disappointment at his fringe players for failing to come to the party against Cosmos at Tsakane Stadium on Tuesday.Now the Clever Boys are hoping for a change of fortunes on Saturday when they host Smouha of Egypt in the first leg of their Caf Confederation Cup play-off round at Milpark Stadium (3pm). Hunt says he is completely in the dark about their Egyptian opponents: &ldquo;I don&rsquo;t know anything about our weekend opponents. We will just go out there and play.&rdquo; To say Hunt was disappointed about their cup exit would be an understatement. He was fuming and berated his players for their failure to bury the many chances they created. The Clever Boys were expected to cruise into the quarterfinals but found the going tough. They looked lethargic in the first half, which prompted Hunt to bring on teenage sensation Phakamani Mahlambi and Daine Klate to inject some energy into the team. Klate was eventually stretchered off the pitch with what looked like a groin injury in extra-time.Hunt also bemoaned a series of injuries that have hampered his team selection: &ldquo;I&rsquo;m disappointed because I feel we should have won the game. Some players always complain that we don&rsquo;t give them a chance to play, but when I throw them in at the deep end they don&rsquo;t want to play and are not serious. &ldquo;That is the biggest disappointment for me.&rdquo; The furious Hunt said he would not tamper with his selection again and insists the players who always cry for game-time had not justified being selected against Cosmos. Hunt said: &ldquo;It was a great chance for us to progress to the next round and keep going. But now I will not give the players who played in this game another chance. Now I know where I stand.&rdquo; He could be referring to players such as Cuthbert Malajila, Phumlani Ntshangase, Sfiso Myeni and Ejike Uzoeni, who all struggled.