BUS commuters yesterday had to queue for taxis or use other means of transport to get to their destinations across Mzansi.Drivers affiliated to various unions embarked on a nationwide strike to demand a 12% wage increase, but bus companies are offering only 7,5%.People who planned to travel over the Easter weekend are worried.Dikeledi Magadzi, chairwoman of parliament&rsquo;s transport committee, said: &ldquo;The national bus strike will inconvenience many travellers. &ldquo;Pressure will be on taxi drivers to transport people. They should exercise caution, not overload their minibuses and stick to the speed limit.&rdquo;Limpopo: Thousands of ZCC members want to attend the Easter service at the church&rsquo;s headquarters in Moria, but they might not be able to get there. ZCC spokesman Reverend Emmanuel Motolla said: &ldquo;We are hoping that the drivers and their employers will soon reach an agreement.&rdquo;Gauteng: In Alexandra, people were queuing for taxis to get to work. There was no movement at Rea Vaya bus depots across the area. Commuter Koketso Thabitha (32) said she was not aware of the strike. &ldquo;A passing motorist told me that there were no buses.&rdquo; Metrorail has extended its operating hours to accommodate those affected by the strike. Commuters can also use the Gautrain, which travels from the Joburg CBD at Park Station all the way to Hatfield in Pretoria. Western Cape: Many commuters were left stranded and had to make alternative plans. People using Golden Arrow and MyCiTi all felt the effect of the strike. Long queues formed at Site C Taxi Rank in Khayelitsha. Metrorail spokeswoman Riana Scott said more trains would be running to cater for bus commuters.KZN: Long-distance bus terminals were empty. Numsa regional secretary Mbuso Ngubane said commuters who were planning to use Greyhound, TransLux, City to City or other operators would have to get alternative transport.&ldquo;The buses will return if the bus companies agree to pay the drivers what they are demanding.&rdquo; Eastern Cape: Hundreds of commuters were relieved when their usual buses came to pick them up yesterday morning. But the bus drivers were working with heavy hearts and felt that they should join the strike. They blamed their union, Transport and Allied Workers Union of South Africa, for not being part of the wage talks.