THERE will be a battle for top spot in the Absa Premiership tonight when the two leaders &ndash; Cape Town City and Bidvest Wits &ndash; lock horns in what promises to be a titanic clash at the Cape Town Stadium (7.30pm).City head the standings jointly with Kaizer Chiefs with 45 points from 23 matches, while the ambitious Clever Boys are second, one point behind with two matches in hand over the Citizens. A win for Wits would see the Clever Boys back on top.But Wits veteran midfielder Sifiso Myeni stressed: &ldquo;Games in hand are not points.&rdquo;Myeni won the league title with Orlando Pirates in the 2012-13 season, along with another former Buccaneer Daine Klate. Klate is still injured and Myeni has been filling in for him in recent matches.Said Myeni: &ldquo;I&rsquo;m happy to be back in the team. Wits have changed a lot since I left in 2012. Coach Gavin Hunt has instilled in us the need to keep our feet on the ground and take it one game at a time.&rdquo;Myeni (28) said the fact that both he and Klate had won the title with Bucs meant they knew how hard it was to go all the way.Said Myeni: &ldquo;City beat us at home thanks to a last minute goal from Lebo Manyama. That game should have been a draw. &ldquo;It will be difficult playing away but we know what is at stake.&rdquo;Manyama, who is having the season of his life, said he hoped for an open game.&ldquo;Wits have real quality players. They can score from corners, set-pieces and from long range. They are a very good side and we can&rsquo;t afford to lose concentration. We beat them (3-2) at Milpark in the first round but that is history.&rdquo;Manyama said they would show Witsthe respect they deserve but added: &ldquo;We have worked hard all season to get where we are and are well prepared for this game.&rdquo;Former Wits midfielder Bhongolwethu Jayiya is another player who has been given a new lease of life at City under head coach Eric Tinkler. The crafty winger netted a hat-trick in the recent 4-1 demolition of Chippa United at the same venue.Said Jayiya yesterday: &ldquo;We know this is a crucial game. And we have to win to keep the momentum going.&rdquo;Jayiya said a win was also important because all the leading contenders still had to play each other before season&rsquo;s end.He added: &ldquo;My wish is that this game is open and not a 1-0 smash-and-grab.&rdquo;