MAMELODI Sundowns are expected to lodge a complaint with the PSL against a Kaizer Chiefs official who had a run-in with head coach Pitso Mosimane after the Brazilians&rsquo; 2-1 loss to Amakhosi. The uproar broke out immediately after referee Victor Hlungwani had blown the final whistle at FNB Stadium on Saturday, when a Chiefs security officer apparently went over to the Sundowns bench and exchanged harsh words with Mosimane.SunSport&rsquo;s informant, who was close by when the incident happened, said an angry-looking Mosimane tried to block the Chiefs official and they ended up in a scuffle, resulting in other officials stepping in to separate them.Chiefs coach Steve Komphela opened his media briefing by apologising to Mosimane and saying the matter would be taken forward by the club.Explained our mole: &ldquo;This is not the first time something like this has happened with the same official. It has to be stopped. PSL&rsquo;s head of operations, Professor Ronnie Schloss, witnessed everything. The match commissioner saw it too.&rdquo; It was an emotional game for both sides and tempers flared after the Brazilians&rsquo; Bangaly Soumahoro&rsquo;s bizarre 77th minute own goal handed Amakhosi the three points in the thrill-a-minute encounter.Sundowns&rsquo; Khama Billiat opened the scoring on 26 minutes before veteran Bernard Parker cancelled out the goal eight minutes later.Komphela said their victory over Downs, his first against Mosimane in the league since taking over at Chiefs, was vital for their Absa Premiership title aspirations. He has a point, as Chiefs are now second in the table with 39 points from 22 matches, while Downs are fifth with 34 points.Komphela said: &ldquo;It is a clear message that we want to compete in the title race. We want to be on top. The win is good for our confidence. Nobody knows who will win the league. That is how tight things are at the top. We will fight until the end.&rdquo; Mosimane said those who write Downs off do so at their own peril, as the African champions could win all 12 of their remaining league games, collecting another 36 points.&ldquo;It&rsquo;s still a long way to go. Don&rsquo;t look at our loss to Chiefs and write us off. It is not about how you start, it&rsquo;s about how you finish in the title race. It&rsquo;s not over. I admit we are dropping points at an alarming rate but it&rsquo;s just a test of character.&rdquo; He sympathised with Bangaly: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s an unfortunate situation for him. I feel sorry for him. I spoke to him and he&rsquo;ll learn from his mistake. He&rsquo;s only human.&rdquo; Chiefs&rsquo; next match is a Nedbank Cup Last 16 clash with minnows Acornbush at Kabokweni Stadium in Mpumalanga on Sunday (3pm).Downs host mourning Bloemfontein Celtic in a catch-up match at Lucas Moripe Stadium in Atteridgeville on Wednesday (7.30pm).