BIDVEST Wits head coach Gavin Hunt has awakened &ldquo;the beast&rdquo; in his skipper, Thulani &ldquo;Tyson&rdquo; Hlatshwayo.And that beast is ready to feast on Golden Arrows when the title-chasing Clever Boys host Abafana Bes&rsquo;thende in a crunch Absa Premiership showdown at the Bidvest Stadium tonight (7.30pm).Hlatshwayo, who was named the Premiership Player of the Month for March yesterday, was full of praise for Hunt.Explained the tough-as-teak defender: &ldquo;Gavin has brought out things in my game that I did not know I had. It is all credit to him that I have improved and got this reward as Player of the Month. He has brought out the best in me.&rdquo;A win over Arrows will lift the Students to the top of the table with 44 points &ndash; two more than current leaders Cape Town City with a game in hand. City coach Eric Tinkler was named Coach of the Month for March.Hunt has made it clear he is gunning for the league title after fielding below-strength sides in their recent Nedbank Cup match, where they lost on penalties to NFD side Jomo Cosmos, and against Egyptian side Smouha in the Caf Confederation Cup at the weekend. Wits drew 0-0 with Smouha in their play-off round, first leg tie at home and are set to take a second string squad for the second leg in Egypt this weekend.Said Hlatshwayo: &ldquo;We are in a better position than last year to challenge for the league title. This time last year we had injuries to key players and finished second. &ldquo;But we know that to win the league we have to make our remaining six league games at home count, starting with Arrows. We are also more experienced this time.&rdquo;Hlatshwayo. who has recovered from an ankle injury, added: &ldquo;We know how important it is to beat Arrows. A number of players, including myself, were rested for the Nedbank Cup (last week) and against the Egyptians, so we are fresh and ready.&rdquo;He said he expected Arrows to come guns blazing: &ldquo;Arrows will be fired up and motivated after their Nedbank Cup win over Mamelodi Sundowns at the weekend.&rdquo;Meanwhile, Kaizer Chiefs midfielder Siphiwe Tshabalala won the Goal of the Month award for February thanks to his superb free kick against Free State Stars.