PLATINUM Stars will treat their Absa Premiership clash with ambitious Cape Town City at Moruleng Stadium tonight (7.30pm) as they would a cup final. A win for the Citizens will see them leapfrog Bidvest Wits at the top of the table.Dikwena midfield star Tintswalo Tshabalala told SunSport yesterday that City may be on a good run, unbeaten in 2017, but Stars were not scared of them. He believes they can beat them: &ldquo;We beat them 4-0 in the first round in Cape Town and we can repeat that. Why not? We&rsquo;re ready for anything they throw at us.&rdquo;The talented left-wing said they had prepared well: &ldquo;We&rsquo;re not concerned about City fighting for the league title. We are fighting to finish in the top eight. We are in 10th position and every side from number eight down are not safe (from relegation). &ldquo;So we need to pick up points and treat every match as a cup final so that we finish on a high note and in the top eight at the end of the season.&rdquo;City are unbeaten in their seven league matches played this year. They are on 42 points &ndash; two behind Bidvest Wits who went to the top of the standings on Tuesday night with their 3-0 home win over Golden Arrows.But said Tshabalala: &ldquo;We are also on a good run in the league and Nedbank Cup. Our spirits are high and we&rsquo;re looking forward to playing City and beating them again.&rdquo;Dikwena have lost only two of their seven league matches in 2017 &ndash; to Mamelodi Sundowns and Wits &ndash; and are through to the Nedbank Cup quarterfinals, where they meet Arrows later this month.Tshabalala praised head coach Cavin Johnson: &ldquo;The coach is a great person to play for. He is a clever coach, allows us to play our game and motivates us.&rdquo;Dikwena play AS Tanda of the Ivory Coast at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in their Caf Confederation Cup play-off round, second leg clash on Sunday. Stars lost the away leg 2-0 last weekend.Said Tshabalala: &ldquo;Playing in Africa has helped the younger players gain valuable experience. We believe we can turn things around against Tanda at home, but are focused on City and collecting three valuable points.&rdquo;