EVEN THE rain could not dampen the spirits of protesters who danced and sang until the sun came out. South Africans stood shoulder to shoulder, united against state capture in a sea of red and blue. ABOUT 100 000 PEOPLE WERE UNIFIED BY A SIMPLE CALL: GO, JACOB ZUMA, GO! At the National Day of Action march in Tshwane the CBD reflected the joint protest of the UDM, DA, EFF, ACDP, the African Independent Congress, the African People&rsquo;s Convention, Agang SA, Cope and the IFP!EFF members outnumbered others.The march started at Church Square and proceeded to the Union Buildings.Bantu Holomisa, president of the UDM and co-ordinator of the march, said they had gathered to send a signal to the ruling party. He said they respected that the ANC was elected by the people, but they needed a mandate to rule South Africa. EFF leader Julius Malema labelled the ANC MPs cowards. He said Holomisa was arranging for a secret ballot to protect the ANC MPs who might vote against Zuma.&ldquo;Don&rsquo;t worry, we are arranging it so you won&rsquo;t be exposed,&rdquo; said Malema.&ldquo;When the state of South Africa is threatened, we put aside our differences. We unite to win back our beautiful country. When we are united, we will never be defeated by an illiterate president.&rdquo;He thanked Thabo Mbeki and Kgalema Motlanthe for sending a message to MPs to put the interests of the people ahead of their own.He said Zuma must go back to Nkandla. &ldquo;He must look after the cattle because that is the only job he can do,&rdquo; he said.He said marches will go on in all the provinces and cities in the country. Zuma lashed out at the marchers who took to the streets against him last week, accused them of being racist.&ldquo;If not wanting Zuma makes us racist, then we are proud racists. We don&rsquo;t care whether you are white, Indian or black, we are here to defend the future of our children.&rdquo;He said the ruling party was misleading the public by saying the issue was one of race.&ldquo;It is an issue that is going to hit the pocket of the poorest man in the street.&rdquo;