ORLANDO Pirates will go into their vital Absa Premiership clash against Maritzburg United at Orlando Stadium tomorrow (7.30pm) with their spirits lifted.Bucs gave themselves a massive boost when they outplayed Free State Stars 4-1 at a rain-soaked James Motlatsi Stadium in Orkney on Saturday to advance to the quarterfinals of the Nedbank Cup.It was new Bucs head coach Kjell Jonevret&rsquo;s first win since he took charge near the end of February.Said Jonevret: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s always good to stay in the cup. Hopefully we will get a kind draw.&rdquo;The draw for the quarterfinals of the cup will be made tonight.It was also sweet revenge for the 3-2 defeat that Ea Lla Koto inflicted on Pirates in a league match played at the same venue last weekend.That result has taken Bucs closer to the relegation zone. Pirates are 12th on 23 points, only five above bottom club Baroka FC with a match in hand.Said Jonevret: &ldquo;It was revenge for last week. I saw in the players&rsquo; eyes they were hurt. We have only two days to recover before we play Maritzburg but I&rsquo;m happy, as this win gives us a lot more confidence. &ldquo;If we continue to play like this we will be difficult to beat. I&rsquo;m happy too because we are playing at home again. We have not played at Orlando for almost a month now and it will be good to be playing in front of our home fans.&rdquo;The Swedish born coach hinted he might make changes: &ldquo;I need 11 pairs of fresh legs against Maritzburg. But I will wait on our doctors&rsquo; reports on injuries before I decide.&rdquo;Jonevret said they had learnt their lesson against Stars. He said: &ldquo;Stars were more aggressive last time and scored two early goals. This time we were quicker and got the opening goal.&rdquo;&ldquo;The fact we had key players back such as Mpho Makola helped us. Makola, Issa Sarr and Oupa Manyisa were really good.Makola, Manyisa, Thembinkosi Lorch and an own goal helped Pirates to their best win of the season.Stars head coach Serame Letsoaka had no complaints: &ldquo;Pirates deserved to win, they were hungrier.&rdquo;Letsoaka is more concerned about his crunch relegation battle against Baroka at the New Peter Mokaba Stadium tomorrow (7.30pm).Said the coach: &ldquo;We will be travelling to Polokwane on Monday. It&rsquo;s a difficult one but we will be up for it.&rdquo;