CALLS ARE growing for President Jacob Zuma to step down.&nbsp; People are angry . . .&nbsp; AND A NEW RESISTANCE IS RISING AS THE ANGER AGAINST ZUMA HARDENS.In a packed Joburg City Hall at a memorial service for Ahmed Kathrada, the people cheered when Barbara Hogan called for Jacob Zuma to step down.&ldquo;You have sacrificed everything we stood for on the altar of corruption and greed,&rdquo; said Uncle Kathy&rsquo;s emotional widow.She lambasted Zuma for the crisis around South African grants, the huge nuclear deal his allies are trying to push through, and the general corruption plaguing the country.Many mourners held placards saying &ldquo;Zuma must go!&rdquo;Former finance minister Pravin Gordhan said: &ldquo;Kathrada leaves us when we can&rsquo;t say we are confused about what the problems are, or who the problem is.&lsquo;It is very clear that we need to act,&rdquo; said Pravin.He added: &ldquo;We must ask ourselves what Kathy the activist would do?&rdquo; The SACP has called for the people to take serious action to prevent corruption at the treasury. It called for Zuma to resign but said SACP members currently serving in cabinet should remain in their posts.ANC secretary general Gwede Mantashe confirmed his unhappiness with the decision to fire Gordhan. He said he felt as if the list was developed somewhere else and given to the party to legitimise.&ldquo;Ministers have been moved and the majority of them were ministers performing well. I&rsquo;m very uncomfortable with it.&rdquo;On Friday Cyril Ramaphosa, Zuma&rsquo;s deputy, said in a statement he had raised his objection with Zuma on the firing of Gordhan and his deputy, Mcebisi Jonas.&ldquo;And I told him that I would articulate this publicly. So this is where we are. He has made his choice and let me say the president has the prerogative to appoint and dismiss ministers of his cabinet. It is his choice and he has exercised his choice,&rdquo; said Ramaphosa.Professor Njabulo Ndebele, chancellor of the University of Joburg, praised Kathrada for writing to Zuma, calling on him to resign.He challenged ANC MPs to do the right thing during two upcoming motions of no confidence against Zuma. The motions were submitted by the DA and the EFF.The EFF and the DA have announced they are talking to ANC MPs, many of whom seem receptive to voting against Zuma during the vote.There are concerns that momentum could be lost as parliament is in recess and only resumes on 9 May.Former social development minister and High Commissioner to London, Zola Skweyiya, said it is clear the NEC is afraid of Zuma. &ldquo;The NEC needs to recall Zuma because if they don&rsquo;t, he will destroy this country,&rdquo; he said.