AFTER having a season to forget in 2016 that culminated in a failure to qualify for the Olympic Games in Brazil, Cornel Fredericks will be out to prove a point at the SA senior track and field championships this weekend. Fredericks, the Commonwealth Games 400m hurdles gold medallist, battled injury and poor form last season. But he is looking to use today and tomorrow&rsquo;s championships at the Kenneth McArthur Stadium in Potchefstroom to announce his comeback. Fredericks goes into the biggest competition on the SA athletics calendar under tremendous pressure. While the spotlight will be on Wayde van Niekerk, Akani Simbine, Anaso Jobodwana and Gift Leotlela in the sprinting category that has been the talk of the championships, Fredericks is desperate to clear every hurdle and reclaim his best form. A full house is expected with the #FillupPotch campaign well and truly underway, encouraging fans to fill up the stadium. Fredericks said he went back to the drawing board, worked on his shortcomings and was now ready to return to the track. &ldquo;I need to run fast times. One thing that I&rsquo;ve changed is that I used to start my season quite late, but this year I decided to start earlier. I have already run a couple of races to get myself mentally ready and to be in the best shape,&rdquo; Fredericks said. The 27-year-old, who is based in the United States of America, admits the level of competition in Mzansi has picked up. He added: &ldquo;The hurdlers have stepped it up a level in South Africa, with the likes of Le Roux Hamman doing well.&rdquo; Fredericks&rsquo; personal best is 48.14 seconds and he is confident he can rediscover his best form. If he wins this event he will become the only SA athlete to defend a title at the Commonwealth Games in Australia next year. Teenage sprint sensation Gift Leotlela, who beat his idol Van Niekerk in Bloemfontein last month, is also ready to take on the big guns. Leotlela clocked 10.0 sec but the electronic time system was not working and his time had to be taken down by hand. He said: &ldquo;It was an amazing experience running against Wayde but I was disappointed not to get the time. It&rsquo;s very important for the electronic time system to work &ndash; I get time bonuses from my sponsors and dearly want to qualify for the World Champs in London. I want to run fast!&rdquo;