MAMELODI Sundowns will come out guns blazing when they tackle Golden Arrows in the Nedbank Cup Last 16 round at Lucas Moripe Stadium tomorrow (3pm).Downs have been going through a rough patch, as they were unable to win any of their last five Absa Premiership games. They seem to have lost the killer instinct that saw them claim the Caf Champions League and become Super Cup champions. The slump, which has seen them collect only three points out of a possible 15, has put a serious dent in their hopes of defending their league title. However, Downs coach Pitso Mosimane insists all is not lost, even though he admits dropped points could haunt them come end of the season.He said: &ldquo;It may come back to haunt us, the way things are looking right now. The problem is that we are not putting the ball into the net. Results are not coming. The guys&rsquo; heads are hanging, they asked me what more should they do to win. &ldquo;I said life is like that, it means you need to try harder, your best is not good enough. You need more commitment to break the ice.&rdquo;Added Mosimane: &ldquo;All our remaining games are six pointers as things stand. We now do a short match analysis and team talk because we are trying to find the problem. I haven&rsquo;t found any faults, apart from our inability to put the ball in the back of the net. Maybe it&rsquo;s due to anxiety.&rdquo;Mosimane revealed that he would rotate players to get the winning formula. But he emphasised that his players must be switched on against Arrows because the honeymoon stage that followed their continental success is truly over.He added: &ldquo;These are tough times and a test of character for us. It happens in football. I remember in December we scored five against Highlands, four against FS Stars, three against Golden Arrows, six against Orlando Pirates &ndash; that was the honeymoon. But now we need to accept times are tough.&rdquo;The former Pirates star said their championship pedigree would need to emerge in their next four games, as the destination of the title could be decided.&ldquo;I think it will be decided in those games, so we need to fight to go to the top. The title is still within reach, we can still win it.&ldquo;If I see it won&rsquo;t happen for us, I will try to go for second place to ensure we play in the Champions League again next year.&rdquo;