BIDVEST Wits head coach Gavin Hunt says they are only prepared to release Phakamani Mahlambi and Reeve Frosler to Amajita coach Thabo Senong a week before the Fifa Youth World Cup kicks off &ndash; but NOT for preparatory camps. As reported in SunSport yesterday, the SA national Under-20 coach was frustrated because he had no choice but to amend his list of 28 players announced last week.The 28 will travel to the Netherlands on Tuesday and remain there until 3 May to prepare for the tournament from 20 May to 11 June.Amajita play their opening Group D match against Japan on 21 May, which is when Senong can expect the two Wits players to swoop in. Hunt revealed to SunSport: &ldquo;The club and Safa agreed that our players could join the team for the actual competition, not for the preparations. It&rsquo;s not like they won&rsquo;t be going to the World Cup. &ldquo;We have crucial league games coming up, we can&rsquo;t afford to let them go. They will join Amajita in Asia maybe after the Free State Stars game (on 10 May), which is a week before the competition starts.&rdquo;It&rsquo;s not only Wits who were reluctant to release teir players. SuperSport United&rsquo;s duo of Fagrie Lakay and Teboho Mokoena, and Ajax Cape Town&rsquo;s Grant Margeman are in the same boat. Margeman will also join Amajita in Asia later on. Senong was forced to replace these players to ensure he travels to the Netherlands camp with enough players at his disposal. He has roped in United&rsquo;s Sydney Mtshweni, Ajax&rsquo;s Sergio Kammies, Israel-based Zama Rambuwane, MultiChoice Diski Challenge top goal-scorer Keletso Makgwala of Mamelodi Sundowns and University of Johannesburg&rsquo;s Katlego Ntshabeleng as replacements. The optimistic Senong believes this turn of events is not a train smash, as these players will still be getting game-time at their clubs, while the players he has added have been part of the national team setup before.He said: &ldquo;The players we added are not new, they were part of the Cosafa Cup squad and are quality players. I&rsquo;m fully focused on the players in camp and we are positive. The players we replaced will join us later for the World Cup.&rdquo;Senong faces another challenge of trimming at least 10 players from the squad when they return from Europe. The coach will travel to South Korea with a squad of 18 players to make room for those joining them later. Only 21 players may be registered for the tournament.