NEW SPORT Minister Thembelani &ldquo;Thulas&rdquo; Nxesi got down to business yesterday when he reported for duty at his new office in Queen Street, Tshwane, where he was welcomed by the staff.There was no &ldquo;razzmatazz&rdquo; welcome for the former Public Works minister, however, as only his deputy Gert Oosthuizen, director-general Aleck Moemi and chief operations officer (COO) Sumayya Khan were present to bid him welcome.Fikile Mbalula, who has been redeployed to police, was not available to hand over the ministerial keys to Nxesi, leaving it in the capable hands of Oosthuizen and Moemi.Nxesi, who attended the funeral of Bloemfontein Celtic lifetime president Petrus &ldquo;Whitehead&rdquo; Molemela on Tuesday, said he was waiting to be briefed on the department before he could start planning for the future.He admitted, though, that school sports, youth development and transformation were among his chief priorities: &ldquo;And with my background in teaching, I know this has always been a challenge.&rdquo; Said the 58-year-old Matatiele-born minister: &ldquo;I also intend to meet with key stakeholders. It&rsquo;s only once I understand the department&rsquo;s operational activities and programmes, and have met with those stakeholders that I can make a statement (about the way forward) regarding this new portfolio.&ldquo;But transformation in every sector is the main focus. And I cannot talk transformation unless I understand the programmes that are in place and what is going on now. &ldquo;Everybody is talking about transformation in the country &ndash; and school sports would be the vehicle to launch transformation. We cannot avoid talking about transformation.&rdquo; Nxesi, a staunch Orlando Pirates fan, admitted that he would now have to start supporting all sports and not only football, which was his favourite sport even during his school days.&ldquo;But this position means I cannot be partisan. So I will have to love all the teams in South Africa. &ldquo;Anyway, Oom Gert will teach me how to be non-partisan,&rdquo; he joked. &ldquo;Some people have already offered me tracksuits to deal with certain aspects of my body. &ldquo;But it is going to be exciting. Sport has a lot of challenges. That is my passion.&rdquo;