AJAX Cape Town will not be selling star striker Prince Nxumalo.It was rumoured yesterday that the talented striker was on his way to title-chasing Bidvest Wits.However, the Urban Warriors CEO Ari Efstathiou stated: &ldquo;That is not true. We are not selling Nxumalo to Wits or anybody.&rdquo; Nxumalo is highly regarded by a number of the so-called bigger Gauteng based clubs but Efstathiou made it clear he was not for sale. The CEO told SunSport: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s absolute nonsense.&rdquo; Efstathiou revealed instead that they had signed Zambian international midfield playmaker Roderick Kabwe, who helped Zanaco FC win the Zambian Premier League last month.Said Efstathiou: &ldquo;Kabwe is a brilliant No 10 who scores and creates goals. He netted 10 goals for Zanaco last season and will be a tremendous asset to the club. He is a class player.&rdquo;The Urban Warriors also recently signed defender Rheece Evans on an 18-month loan deal from African and Absa Premiership champions Mamelodi Sundowns, and Efstathiou disclosed that he was set to sign another international striker during the January transfer window.The Urban Warriors boss was full of praise for new head coach Stanley Menzo, who managed to turn things around after a poor start to the season had resulted in head coach Roger de Sa&rsquo;s resignation at the end of October.Ajax approached the former Dutch international and Ajax Amsterdam goalkeeper to replace De Sa.Said Efstathiou: &ldquo;Roger is a top coach but we were unlucky during that spell. We lost or drew games we should have won. I reckon we could easily have had at least another six points. It was one of those things. &ldquo;Menzo came in and has done well. He is a tough, no-nonsense coach and works well with our young squad.&rdquo;Menzo has been in charge for eight games, winning five, losing two and drawing the other.Said Efstathiou: &ldquo;We moved up to ninth (with 18 points) at the end of 2016. And now we are targeting at least a top eight finish and a good run in the Nedbank Cup. &ldquo;Considering we only got two points from our first seven games this is a big turn-around and we have confidence going into the second round of the league next month.&rdquo;Ajax kick off the second round away to Wits on 7 February.