FORMER SuperSport United full-back Brandon Dean is the latest player to join Golden Arrows&rsquo; camp in the hope of securing a contract with the Durban outfit. Arrows released Kenyan full-back Clifford Miheso last week and are now one player short in that position. They are left with only the injury-prone Lehlohonolo Nonyane and the club&rsquo;s head coach, Clinton Larsen, has said that he is looking to cover that position. At only 22 years old and having already played for SuperSport and Free State Stars, Dean could be the player Larsen could come to count on should something happen to Nonyane in the last 15 matches. Larsen said, however, that it was too early for him to say whether Dean was the man for Arrows or not. &ldquo;He started training with us three days ago. I can&rsquo;t really judge him yet to say whether he is the player we are looking for or not. I&rsquo;m still assessing him and will take a good look at him after the friendly matches we play against Thanda Royal Zulu and AmaZulu this week. Then we will be able to make a decision,&rdquo; said Larsen. Dean was signed by Stars in the off-season after he was released by the Tshwane outfit. He couldn&rsquo;t crack it at Stars either and was released when the current transfer window opened. Larsen revealed that the left-back and former Orlando Pirates striker Chiukepo Msowoya were only the two players who were currently being assessed by the technical team. Abafana Bes&rsquo;thende have already signed Knox Mutizwa from Bidvest Wits to strengthen the attacking department. Arrows general manager Gordon Masondo believes Msowoya will be on their books in no time.&ldquo;Before the end of today we will complete everything with him. I&rsquo;ve heard that his team (Nyasa Big Bullets) back in Malawi said he left without their permission. But the player confirmed to us that his contract with them had expired,&rdquo; Masondo said.Abafana Bes&rsquo;thende&rsquo;s neighbours, Maritzburg United, are also in search of a full-back, says club chairman, Farook Kadodia. The Team of Choice relied on German Denis Weidlich, a natural centre-back and Deolin Mekoa, a left winger, in the first round of the Absa Premiership.