ATHLETICS SA (ASA) are pulling out all the stops to make it a thrilling year for athletes. These are exciting times for a federation that was on life support just a couple of years ago due to financial constraints. But things are getting better each year and ASA president Aleck Skhosana is optimistic that this will be another great year for the federation and athletes. ASA has launched a new track and field series that will be staged in four different cities across the country. The four-legged speed series will be held in Durban (28 February), Bloemfontein (8 March), Germiston (22 March) and Potchefstroom (15 March) with the aim of helping athletes to qualify for major events on the international stage. A group of athletes will also gather for the IAAF cross country trials at the Germiston Stadium at the weekend. This year&rsquo;s World Cross Country Championships will be held in Kampala, Uganda, on 26 March. Big-name athletes such as SA 5 000m record holder Elroy Gelant, Glenrose Xaba and Joel Mmone are some of the competitors who are hoping to book their plane ticket to Kampala. Mzansi&rsquo;s road running sensation Stephen Mokoka, who has bagged a hat-trick of Shanghai Marathon titles, is also raring to go ahead of his first big event this season, the Tokyo Marathon in Japan on 26 February. The 10 000m Olympic runner, who recorded his personal best time of 27:54:57 in Rio de Janeiro last year, is beaming with confidence ahead of the Asia showpiece. Mokoka told SunSport he had stepped up his training programme in anticipation of his first major marathon of the season. Mokoka said: &ldquo;I&rsquo;m excited about this opportunity. I&rsquo;m not going there just to make up the numbers. I have been training hard and want to win the race. &ldquo;I have come a long way and I believe in my ability as a marathon runner.&rdquo; Mokoka wants to follow in the footsteps of runners such as Lusapho April, the winner of the Berlin Marathon in Germany, and veteran runner Hendrick Ramaala, the winner of the New York Marathon in the United States. After his Tokyo adventure Mokoka will shift his focus to preparations for the 10 000m event at the IAAF World Championships in London, England, later this year.