NATIONAL First Division (NFD) title contenders Royal Eagles have not given up on former Bidvest Wits midfielder Papy Faty despite his medical condition. Eagles head coach Kosta Papic said he was still keen on Faty but the player would need to take good care of himself in the coming months. &ldquo;We can&rsquo;t sign him now,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;His heart condition is not good at the moment. For now he needs to be true to himself and make sure he takes the medication properly. I won&rsquo;t hide it, I&rsquo;m still keen on him. &ldquo;He&rsquo;s a good player, there&rsquo;s no doubt about that. But it&rsquo;s all up to him now.&rdquo; The former Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs coach said for now he was done with signings after taking on two former Polokwane City players, Carlington Nyadombo and Jabulani Nene. He also completed the signing of former Free State Stars goalkeeper Johnny Mathole last week. &ldquo;Now it&rsquo;s time to focus on the players I have, unless an exceptional player comes along.&rdquo;Papic&rsquo;s Eagles are second in the NFD standings with 25 points from 15 matches, 10 points behind table-toppers Thanda Royal Zulu with 35. The Serbian mentor says he understands that 10 points is a big ask for his team but they won&rsquo;t give up in the race for the championship. He said: &ldquo;Football is a strange game. Nothing is impossible. I know 10 points is a big difference but we cannot give up. We need to keep fighting and make sure we win our matches. You never know what might happen to the current log leaders.&rdquo; The former Rise and Shine coach said he was encouraged by the commitment of his players, which makes him believe they can still pull the rabbit out of the hat and catch up to Thanda. He said the first games when the league resumes in February would be crucial. &ldquo;Everyone is looking good and doing well at training. Our aim is to get 15 points in our first five matches. If we can succeed in that, anything will be possible for us.&rdquo;Eagles&rsquo; five matches are against Stellenbosch FC (Harry Gwala Stadium, 12 February), Cape Town All Stars (Athlone Stadium, 15 February), Mthatha Bucks (Harry Gwala Stadium, 18 February), Milano United (Athlone Stadium, 25 February) and Santos (Harry Gwala Stadium, 4 March).