MADIBA fought to free the nation.&nbsp; But his grandson isn&rsquo;t free . . .MBUSO MANDELA IS A JAILBIRD!He was arrested for contempt of court. After making a brief court appearance, Mbuso was denied bail and was put behind bars in Joburg Prison, popularly known as &ldquo;Sun City&rdquo;.This after he had failed to appear in court for a papgeld case brought by his baby mama, Gugu Keswa, in September.Sunday Sun sources say Mbuso&rsquo;swarrant of arrest was issued by the family court &ndash; but it was withheld for seven days.This was to give him time to present himself and explain his absence on the date set for the hearing.After his arrest Friday, a week ago, Mbuso spent the weekend in jail before appearing in court on Monday, when he was denied bail. A court official told Sunday Sun the case comes up again on 19 January.This is not Mbuso&rsquo;s first arrest in connection with a papgeld case. In November 2015 it was reported that he had been arrested for failing to appear in court for a maintenance case brought by the same woman, Gugu. But he was released on bail.The court official, who asked to remain anonymous, said Mbuso was denied bail, as this was his second offence. &nbsp;Another source said Mbuso will need to convince the court on Thursday why he should be out on bail &ndash; since he was not respecting the law.&nbsp; &ldquo;The problem is that He was warned many times to come to court. And for reasons known to him, he failed. Now he can stay in jail until the case is over,&rdquo; said the court source. Another source in Sun City prison claims Mbuso has been consulting his lawyer from a prison cell. Baby mama Gugu confirmed the father of her child had been arrested. Gugu said she wasn&rsquo;t fighting with him, but wanted him to support her child. insisted she had nothing to do with Mbuso&rsquo;s arrest.&ldquo;I didn&rsquo;t open a case against him, it was the court, as And the court did it because he failed to appear,&rdquo; she said.insisted she had nothing to do with Mbuso&rsquo;s arrest. Two years ago, Mbuso was accused of rape, but charges were later withdrawn. Provincial spokesperson captain Kay Makhubele confirmed Mbuso was arrested for contempt of court. &ldquo;He&rsquo;ll appear in court on Thursday for a formal bail application,&rdquo; he said. He said Mbuso was in prison. Correctional Services spokesperson, Singabakho Nxumalo, said: Mbuso left the prison on Thursday morning for court and never came back.&ldquo;Our understanding was that he was arrested for contempt of court.&rdquo; Nelson Mandela Foundation&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer, Sello Hatang, said he was unaware of Mbuso&rsquo;s arrest. Efforts to get comment from a member of the Mandela family were unsuccessful.