THEY successfully did so last year, but Mzansi&rsquo;s poster boy Wayde van Niekerk and golden girl Caster Semenya are tipped to raise the bar again this year. Athletics South Africa president Aleck Skhosana is so certain of this that he is prepared to put his money on the pair making SA proud again. Van Niekerk and Semenya excelled by bringing home gold medals from the Rio Olympic Games in Brazil last year. This year all eyes will be on them to rewrite the history books at the International Association of Athletics World Championships to be held in London, England, in August. Without a doubt the World Champs is the biggest highlight on the world athletics calendar this year. Van Niekerk, who is the world 400m record holder with a time of 43.03 seconds, is also the world champion in his event. Very few would bet against him successfully defending his title in London. Semenya was a dominant force last year and is also the overwhelming favourite to reclaim her 2009 world 800m title. Skhosana said: &ldquo;My highlight of the athletics season is the World Champs &ndash; I can&rsquo;t wait. My biggest wish is to see many SA athletes qualify for the London showpiece. It would be a dream come true. &ldquo;There is also a strong possibility that we could have two world champions in Wayde and Caster, and that would boost the sport.&rdquo; Van Niekerk and Semenya are not the only athletes on Skhosana&rsquo;s mind. He is also looking to the likes of Akani Simbine, Anaso Jobodwana and Luvo Manyonga to come to the party this year. Skhosana said: &ldquo;I want to see Wayde run the 200m and it would be great if Caster could do the double in London in the 1 500m and the 800m. &ldquo;Akani looks promising in both the 100m and 200m events, while Anaso will come out strong after his Rio disappointment due to injury. I expect our athletes to improve on their previous achievements &ndash; that is how confident we are as a federation.&rdquo;Skhosana also offered some advice to the athletes ahead of what is expected to be a busy year in track and field. He said: &ldquo;Athletes must not overdo it. They should ensure they peak at the right time and choose their competitions carefully to avoid fatigue.&rdquo;