WINNING the Caf Champions League has made Mamelodi&nbsp;Sundowns coach, Pitso &ldquo;Jingles&rdquo; Mosimane, hungry for more accolades! The&nbsp;Brazilians won three awards at the 2016 Caf Awards ceremony held in Nigeria on Thursday. They won the Club of the Year award, goalkeeper Denis Onyango won the Africa Player of the Year &ndash; Based in Africa, while Mosimane scooped the Coach of the Year award &ndash; becoming the first South African-born coach to win this massive accolade.Mosimane told SunSport he&rsquo;s planning to turn the Tshwane&nbsp;giants into a mean machine and is determined to prove that leading the Brazilians to the Champions League glory was not a fluke.Mosimane, who received an&nbsp;inspirational message from&nbsp;billionaire mining magnet and Brazilians owner, Patrice Motsepe, said: &ldquo;I&rsquo;m not done yet. I&rsquo;m going to turn Sundowns into a formidable force in Africa.&ldquo;They are not at the level where I would like them to be. &ldquo;I have awakened the sleeping giants and now I want to turn them into a team that will rewrite the history books. Sundowns are meant for more.&rdquo;Zimbabwean talisman and&nbsp;Brazilians winger, Khama Billiat, finished in second place in the in the Player of the Year &ndash; Based in Africa category. Next month, the Brazilians will host Confederation Cup champions and Democratic Republic of Congo giants, TP Mazembe, in a Super Cup final in Pretoria. Mosimane says he will keep on winning major trophies and signing big-name players from across the African continent. He&rsquo;s on a big mission to defend the Champions League and the SA Premiership title this season. His biggest wish is to go back to the Fifa Club World Cup in December. The Brazilians lost all their two games at the World Cup held in Japan in 2016. Mosimane says he turned down numerous job offers to stay in Chloorkop. Mosimane is now focusing on defending the PSL&nbsp;title when the league resumes on 8 February against Bloemfontein Celtic. The league is on recess due to the Africa Cup of Nations tournament in Gabon, which starts on Saturday until 5 February. Mosimane added: &ldquo;Retaining the title is doable. We intend to go on a winning streak of 10 matches or more. We&rsquo;re going for Africa and for the PSL title.&rdquo;