THEY came in buses from far and wide, and not even the non-stop rain could keep the ANC faithful from going to Orlando Stadium yesterday.Thousands of supporters packed the 40 000 seater venue in Soweto to capacity, but the celebrations were not without &shy;hiccups.This was after head of organising, Fikile Mbalula, at one stage announced that people should go to the suites to avoid the rain.Even @MyANC tweeted: &ldquo;Suites at the Orlando Stadium are now opened for the members &amp; supporters of the ANC to occupy #ANC105.&rdquo;This didn&rsquo;t go as planned and led to pushing and mini clashes between the supporters and security who had their hands full trying to maintain order and turn away scores who were trying to gain access to the suites. Angry insults were heard as people were told they were not welcome in the suites. Party supporters had earlier flocked to the stadium, some leaving home as early as 4.30am to be there on time. One of them, Jabulane Khumalo (49) from Nelspruit, Mpumalanga told Daily Sun: &ldquo;We came because we love the ANC. There&rsquo;s nothing that would stop us from coming.&rdquo;He said they left in the wee hours of the morning to be on time.As the morning progressed, it soon appeared that the ANC would this time keep its word after earlier in the week stating that its supporters would fill the stadium to capacity, and many more were seen trying to get into the packed venue. Getting to the stadium, however, was a traffic nightmare and motorists had to exercise patience as the roads were congested with over 800 buses from Gauteng alone.It was not clear how many buses came from provinces outside Gauteng. As the rain kept pouring down, many donned refuse bags and covered their heads with jackets in an effort to stay dry. By 10am the top, covered seats in the stadium were filled with scores still flowing into the stadium. Outside the stadium business was booming with vendors selling food, sweets and all sorts of ANC merchandise, from caps and T-shirts to jackets. One vendor, Mischack Chilli, said business was good, but not that great. He blamed the rain for the slow business.