MUSIC was as important to Thandi Klaasen as life itself. Her daughter Lorraine said her mother blossomed like a flower when she heard music. IT WAS AN HONOUR TO HAVE HER AS A MOTHER, SHE SAID AFTER THANDI&rsquo;S DEATH. Lorraine Klaasen, a singer based in Canada, confirmed that her mother passed away peacefully yesterday morning at the age of 86. The legendary jazz singer died a few weeks after being diagnosed with pancreatic cancer.Lorraine told Daily Sun: &ldquo;My mother has performed for kings and queens across the globe. She will be sorely missed. Thank you all for your kind words and prayers.&rdquo;Lorraine said her last performance with her mother was in April when she hosted a musical tribute night for Thandi at the Mix in Sophiatown. &ldquo;She loved it when I played music and danced for her. It was an honour to have her as a mother.&rdquo; Thandi was known for the song Sophiatown which paid tribute to the culture of the area from which black families were forcefully removed in 1955. It was the place where she grew up. President Jacob Zuma expressed deep sadness and extended his heartfelt condolences to the family.&ldquo;Ms Klaassen contributed to the country not only as a musician but also as a social and political activist who was always outspoken about social and economic issues. We have lost one of the leading pioneers of South African jazz music and promoters of the country&rsquo;s cosmopolitan culture.&rdquo; Minister of Arts and Culture, Nathi Mthethwa, said uMama Thandi would be remembered for her indomitable spirit and for succeeding against all odds, as well as for her silky smooth voice which serenaded audiences the world over. &ldquo;She touched our spirits and made us complete beings in a world in which things were falling apart,&rdquo; he said. Thandi was one of South Africa&rsquo;s top female jazz vocalists and was compared to Ella Fitzgerald and Sarah Vaughan. She began her music career in the 1950s in clubs and eventually performed with groups such as the Gaieties and the Harlem Swingsters. She was honoured with the Order of Ikhamanga in Silver in 2006 for the song, Sophiatown. She received many awards including the Woman of Distinction Award in Canada in 1999, and a Lifetime Achievement Award at the 12th MTN South African Music Awards. She earned the National Order of the Baobab for her excellent contribution to music.Thandi is survived by her son Makhosi, daughter Lorraine, and her grandchildren. Funeral arrangements will be announced later in the week.