THE high cost of tertiary education means that a university degree is not an option for many.But that doesn&rsquo;t mean pupils who complete matric don&rsquo;t have other opportunities.Kaya Nyati, operations manager of the Kagiso Shanduka Trust, says there are many other alternatives.&ldquo;Pupils who cannot afford a university education should find avenues that give them work experience. This equips them with skills they will need for the real world, while getting a salary. These may even be used to obtain further formal qualifications when the time is right,&rdquo; he advised.So, what options are there?A gap year Many pupils faced with this situation opt to take a gap year. This does not mean taking time off to relax, sleep in and party. It can be a valuable period during which you take stock of your strengths and interests and look at improving these. Do this by finding temporary work in a field related to the one you would ultimately like to build a career in.Volunteering If you battle to find a paying position, consider volunteering at a non profit organisation. Not only will you get skills that can be transferred to the workplace, but your willingness to help an NGO will be seen favourable by future employers.Job shadowing If you&rsquo;re lucky, you may be able to find a spot in an organisation with products and services in an industry that interests you. Following this path allows you to gain insight into what it would be like to join that industry on a permanent basis. Learnerships The major advantage of a learnership over an internship is that it allows you to work towards a formal, National Qualifications Framework-recognised qualification while gaining working experience. TVET and Artisan Training Colleges Have you ever considered who makes the actual drain in a kitchen sink or the door handle on any door?It is not an engineer from university but a skilled artisan who brings these everyday items into our households. And if you are a more practical person, this is the way to go.