IT SEEMS there is still a road ahead for Banyana Banyana to return to their winning ways. Their 2-0 loss to France on Sunday was proof that they need to work on their attacking techniques. After Andisiwe Mgcoyi&rsquo;s goal was disallowed, Banyana was unable to get back into Les Bleues&rsquo; danger area. It seemed as if they didn&rsquo;t have a plan on how to penetrate deeply into the opposition&rsquo;s last third. South Africa&rsquo;s lack of goal-scoring ability remains an issue, as was the case at the 2016 Rio Olympics last year. And before that, they were only able to score in a solitary match out of five played at the 2015 Africa Women&rsquo;s Cup of Nations. The blame shouldn&rsquo;t be shouldered by only the strikers, as the midfielders were unable to contain France or even keep possession, which made it impossible for goal poachers to get the ball forward and eventually into the back of the net. Desiree Ellis needs to help her charges improve their scoring abilities. Goals may be a South African dilemma but the technical team will have to work on getting Banyana scoring in matches. They also struggled to keep up with France&rsquo;s pace and will need to learn to control their own game and not conform to the opposition&rsquo;s style of play.However, Banyana&rsquo;s defence has to be commended. It is a department that seems to be getting stronger with every match. Mamelodi Sundowns Ladies goalkeeper Andile Dlamini has also proved why she should keep the No 1 jersey in the national team. She made a couple of saves that could have seen Banyana return home with their tails between their legs. Bambanani Mbane, Amanda Dlamini, Jermaine Seoposenwe and Leandra Smeda made notable contributions to the game as well.Although this may be not an important calendar year for women&rsquo;s football, Banyana will have to overcome their goal drought before the Africa Women&rsquo;s Cup of Nations qualifiers next year. A few more friendlies against top teams will be vital this year to give the team time to improve in front of goal.