The South African National Traditional Healers Organisation (THO) has said that sperm cannot treat or heal any patients.The organisation was responding to the recent arrest of a traditional healer for allegedly drugging and raping a 16-year-old Limpopo school girl.&nbsp; National co-ordinator for the THO, Phephisile Temngcamane Maseko, condemned the incident at Ga-Marishane village in Limpopo, which happened after the victim went for a consultation at the sangoma's home on January 6.The traditional healer from Ga-Marishane village appeared in the Nebo Magistrate&rsquo;s Court on Monday. He was remanded in custody until 16 January 16, 2017, for a bail application."As a traditional healer, you cannot use a sperm to treat or heal any of your patients. This is a crime and as an organisation, we do not tolerate such an act. The law should take its course," said Maseko on Tuesday. Maseko said, if the sangoma was a member of the THO, the matter could have been reported to the organisation immediately. She said the THO forbade their members from having sexual intercourse with patients."As healers, we have been warned that such incidents are reported that a certain healer has slept with a patient. Although we have power over our patients, this does not allow us to abuse them and ask for sexual favours.""After completion of the training, all members are warned to be careful to avoid breaking the law. They sign a code of conduct and they are warned never to take any chances. Such an incident will not be tolerated as it damages the image of the organisation," she said.Limpopo police spokesperson Lieutenant Colonel Moatshe Ngoepe said the 16-year-old had gone to the accused&rsquo;s home in Ga-Marishane village on January 6 for a consultation."She was given traditional medicine by this healer to drink and subsequently became dizzy. The suspect took her to a room, where he raped her,&rdquo; he said.Ngoepe said the suspect, who is well-known in the village, then disappeared immediately after the incident. A manhunt followed until his arrest on Sunday. "Members of the community, especially mothers, are advised to stop allowing children to go and consult this type of session alone to prevent and avoid similar incidents happening. Child safety comes first," said Ngoepe.