THE embattled class of Matric 2016 had to contend with many difficulties. Some failed &ndash; but many passed with flying colours!&nbsp; - Limpopo: Vuwani achieved better than expected results. Edison Nesengani Secondary achieved a 100% pass rate.&nbsp; Phumudzo Ramanyimi (17), who attained distinctions in all his subjects, said: &ldquo;The odds were against us, but we were not distracted from our mission.&rdquo; - Cape Town: New Eisleben High School in Crossroads, Philippi, a traditionally underperforming school, moved up from a 47% pass rate in 2015 to 68% in 2016. Western Cape education MEC Debbie Shafer said she was happy with the overall pass rate for the province of 85.9%. - KZN: The province improved by 5,7% to 66,4% in 2016. - Eastern Cape: According to official results released in East London, it showed a 2,5% overall improvement to 59,3%.&nbsp; - North West Department of Education held a special provincial matric results ceremony at Batlhaping Secondary School in Taung yesterday. An 80% pass rate was achieved by 249 schools. - Free State set a new record, achieving a 93,2% pass rate, an improvement of 5,5%.&nbsp; Champion Johan (18) from Sentraal Senior Secondary is the top pupil, followed by Ngakane Selemane (18) from Lereng Senior Secondary School. - Ekurhuleni: Sibusiso Msinga from Eqinisweni Secondary School in Ivory Park, Ekurhuleni achieved five distinctions. - At Minerva High School, Alexandra, pupils achieved 36 distinctions with two pupils getting six each. Sihluke Mswanganye (18) from Kwabhekilanga Secondary School achieved seven distinctions. - Using candles at night to study did not stop four friends from Bizimali High School in Nkandla, KZN, getting 26 distinctions. Sivikelo Nkosi (18) got seven, Thobani Sibiya (18), got seven, Siyabonga Mazibuko (19) got six and Lungelo Nxumalo (22) also got six. - Nkateko Nyawuza (17) from Palm Ridge in Ekurhuleni got seven distinctions. &ldquo;I&rsquo;m really happy,&rdquo; said jubilant mum Sophie Nyawuza (43). - Awonke Sobuza from Ibhongo High School in Dlamini, Soweto got five distinctions and his school surpassed 80%.&rdquo; - &nbsp;Bongani Motholo (19) of Vuyani Mawethu Secondary School in Khuma, Stilfontein, North West achieved six distinctions. - Thembinkosi Manyeruke (17) worked to get six distinctions. Yesterday Thembinkosi, whose story was published yesterday in Daily Sun, received five awards as one of 20 pupils honoured by MEC Panyaza Lesufi and Gauteng Premier David Makhura. - The Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy for Girls attained a 100% pass rate.