MAMELODI Sundowns coach Pitso &ldquo;Jingles&rdquo; Mosimane has ruled himself out for the Bafana Bafana coaching post and says he will not be revisiting the position anytime soon! The coach is not even entertaining any thoughts of a possible return to Mzansi football&rsquo;s hottest coaching seat. In fact, he says he is growing tired of the reports linking him to Bafana. Mosimane, who is not the one to shy away from voicing his opinion in matters regarding the beautiful game, insists he is happy in Chloorkop. The award-winning coach, who penned a lucrative four-year lucrative contract with the Tshwane giants, wants to see out his contract in Pretoria. He revealed he had received numerous tempting job opportunities from all over the world, but said he preferred to stay put in SA&rsquo;s capital city. Mosimane said: &ldquo;Sundowns have turned me into the best coach on the continent. I won the Champions League with them for the first time and the Premiership league title with them for the first time. Why would I leave?&rdquo;He stressed: &ldquo;I&rsquo;m happy to be here and want to turn this club into the best side on the continent.&rdquo; Mosimane insists he has had his time with Bafana, saying his focus has shifted beyond the national team. He said: &ldquo;I have had my fun with Bafana. Leaving this team won&rsquo;t happen &ndash; the timing would be completely wrong. I have received offers from outside but told my pursuers that I want to enjoy the benefits of the hard work I have put in here at Sundowns.&rdquo; The coach added: &ldquo;I won&rsquo;t change my mind and I hope this will lay the matter to rest once and for all.&rdquo; Mosimane and his star-studded Brazilians scooped three awards at the Caf Awards ceremony held in Nigeria last week. Mosimane walked away with the Africa Coach of the Year accolade, while Sundowns bagged the Team of the Year award and Ugandan born goalkeeper Denis Onyango was crowned Player of the Year, Based in Africa . The coach says he needs some rest before the Absa Premiership campaign resumes on 7 February. The Premiership only resumes after the Africa Cup of Nations finals in Gabon, which run from Saturday until 5 February. The coach added: &ldquo;I need a rest to recharge my batteries. It&rsquo;s going to be tough when the season starts. I will need all the energy I can get!&rdquo;