THE CONTRACTUAL matter between Mamelodi Sundowns and their want-away star Keagan Dolly should be concluded soon. Sundowns had taken a hard stance regarding payment for the player from French Ligue 1 side Montpellier. By late afternoon yesterday, the Brazilians were awaiting the first instalment of the R24 million buyout price they had put on their star player. Downs were in a flurry yesterday, saying they did not even know the current whereabouts of their player. They said they had seen reports that Dolly left for France last night to undergo a medical with Montpellier. They were not impressed to have been kept in the dark regarding to the player&rsquo;s movements. &ldquo;We only saw the various media reports. We had heard via the player&rsquo;s friends that he was abroad. The French club did not communicate with us either. We gave Dolly his passport and everything to go realise his dreams. &ldquo;We were even unfairly accused of blocking his move overseas. We would have hoped that the French club and Dolly would keep us informed of the proceedings &ndash; so we don&rsquo;t get the information via the media,&rdquo; said Sundowns media officer Thulani Thuswa. Dolly is expected to undergo a medical test today and then the deal will be done and dusted. A respected player agent said it was standard procedure that once a deal had been agreed upon, a letter of commitment &ndash; subject to a medical test &ndash; would be forwarded to the player&rsquo;s club. If the player does not pass the medical, the deal is off or negotiations will start for a lesser deal. He added that the contractual mess were possibly created by the many clauses in his contract, some of which were erroneously added or removed. Thuswa said Sundowns&rsquo; tough stance on payment was because they had been burnt in the past, with clubs not honouring payment obligations after acquiring players. &ldquo;Various clubs, also some in the PSL, have not paid up. Clubs in the United Arab Emirates, for example, still owe us for our former player Rashid Sumaila,&rdquo; he explained.