RESTLESS Mamelodi Sundowns winger Keagan Dolly will continue to play a vital role in coach Pitso Mosimane&rsquo;s plans in the 2017 campaign. The deadly winger may be pushing for a move abroad but remains in Mosimane&rsquo;s good books. While Mosimane sympathises with the player, he was quick to share his view that it&rsquo;s too still early for the 23-year-old to move to Europe. Mosimane said Dolly would feature in his plans if he should still be at the club when the Premiership campaign resumes next month. The league is still in recess due to the Africa Cup of Nations tournament in Gabon from Saturday until 5 February. Mosimane said: &ldquo;The situation between me and Dolly has never changed &ndash; he&rsquo;s my boy. In all fairness I think he needs one more year to develop before heading to Europe. I will deal with him as a player and help him grow &ndash; he knows that.&ldquo;Our relationship is great, he will still feature in our team if he stays here.&rdquo; Mosimane, who is never one to prevent players from following their dreams in Europe, said he too played the game abroad and knows what he is talking about when he says it&rsquo;s too early for Dolly to make the move. The coach said: &ldquo;Let&rsquo;s talk about the timing of the player moving and the aspects of his game.&rdquo; Mosimane is of the view that South African players tend to rush moves overseas, only to return home without having kicked a ball on foreign soil. He said: &ldquo;I played in Europe and know you have to develop a thick skin to make it. Sometimes players spend up to six months or a year on the bench. What is the point of warming the bench for such a long period? &ldquo;I will never stand in anyone&rsquo;s way. All the players here know that. All I ask of them is that they work on their game to be fully ready for the big challenge of playing in Europe.&rdquo; Mosimane stressed he would support the player, whichever decision he makes. He added: &ldquo;The matter is between Dolly, his representative and the club. I will support any decision the three parties eventually agree to.&rdquo;