Fabulously-rich Zimbabwe businessman Wicknell Chivayo's list of requirements for a future wife was certainly controversial.The wealth-flaunting tenderpreneur, who has made no secret of his friendship with the first family, announced he was looking for a wife on December 31.Less than three weeks later, he says he's found her."Applicants with the following requirements should apply," Chivayo wrote in his initial post, adding a list of 16 'must-haves'." One was a university degree in finance. Another was "written recommendations from at least two former boyfriends."&nbsp;He also wanted natural hair, white teeth and no tattoos. "Grandmothers aged 30 years and above do not qualify," he said.Chivayo posted a picture of himself on Tuesday with an unnamed woman with the caption: "Sir is chilling at home with the successful candidate". Some of his fans have pointed out that she does not appear to have natural hair, according to the official Chronicle newspaper.The businessman stirred controversy last year when he posted pics of himself having dinner with Grace Mugabe and her son in Dubai. He called the first lady his "mother".Here's the detailed list:1. Should have natural hair&nbsp; 2. Minimum of a University Degree preferably in finance or business related. Masters degree is an added advantage.&nbsp; 3. Satisfactory income source backed by a bank statement&nbsp; 4. A great cook (able to cook sadza reziyo , mubora , zvinyenze, mangai , mutetenerwa, derere etc) 5. No tattoos or unusual body piercings&nbsp; 6. Should be light in complexion and have white teeth.&nbsp; 7. Able to sustain an intellectual conversation as well as an awesome sense of humour&nbsp; 8. Attach written recommendations from at least 2 former boyfriends&nbsp; 9. Extensive knowledge of Public relations.&nbsp; 10. Fluent in shona or ndebele and at least 2 international languages.&nbsp; 11. Well-trained in home management and hospitality&nbsp; 12. Must have NO CHILDREN and a great character&nbsp; 13. No previous record of cheating&nbsp; 14. Demonstrated ability to make a man successful&nbsp; 15. Your Mother's CV with attached reference from your father.&nbsp; 16. Grandmother's aged 30 years and above do not qualify. The post was concluded with "All applicants are advised to send their applications by 1st January 2017. Attach birth and health certificates (HIV/AIDS recent results ). Only selected candidates will be contacted. Please don't comment if you don't meet the above criteria.... I THANK YOU". http://www.news24.com/Africa/Zimbabwe/wifey-requirements-zim-businessmans-outrageous-list-of-16-partner-must-haves-20170123#cxrecs_s