WHILE THOUSANDS of loyal, happy ANC followers crowded into Orlando Stadium, fighting between sections of the party has become very public.&nbsp; Party secretary-general Gwede Mantashe lashed out at members of the party&rsquo;s women&rsquo;s league, calling them undisciplined and irresponsible. UNDERMINING THE PROCESS OF THE PARTY IS UNACCEPTABLE, MANTASHE SAID. He was clearly unhappy with the ANC Women&rsquo;s League for endorsing Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma to succeed President Jacob Zuma as party president. Mantashe told reporters on the sidelines of the 8 January celebrations at Orlando Stadium in Soweto that the move was the same as undermining the party&rsquo;s processes.&ldquo;I am saying those who pronounced prematurely are ill-disciplined,&rdquo; he said.He said criticising the women&rsquo;s league did not change the situation: &ldquo;The name is out there.&rdquo; Earlier, in an interview with eNCA, Mantashe ruled out the possibility of Zuma running for a third term as party president. He said it would be unfortunate if at the end of his second term Zuma should put his name forward. The party had never expressly said the party president should be state president. The youth league and MKVA are also expected to endorse Dlamini-Zuma with the backing of the premier league &ndash; premiers of Mpumalanga, Free State, North West and KZN.The league issued its statement on the eve of the 8 January celebrations after its two-day day NEC committee meeting.In his keynote address, Zuma acknowledged the party was deeply fractured and marred by factionalism, ill discipline and fraud. He urged party members to restore the power of electing leaders to branches.Zuma warned if the culture of factionalism and manipulating of internal processes was allowed to continue it would destroy the party. &ldquo;Divisive tendencies such as factionalism, gate-keeping and manipulation of internal processes exist at all levels of the ANC, the ANC leagues, the Alliance and the Mass Democratic Movement. These tendencies inhibit our ability to give decisive leadership,&rdquo; he said.ANC research showed people hated the preoccupation with personal wealth: &ldquo;Our task is to grow the economy, create jobs and fight crime and corruption,&rdquo; he said.