GHANA coach Avram Grant is considering extending his contract with the Ghana Football Association, but says it will depend on his employers.His current contract expires at the end of the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) currently underway in Gabon until 5 February.The Black Stars secured passage into the Afcon quarterfinals with a 1-0 win against Mali, with Asamoah Gyan&rsquo;s solitary goal enough to see them through.According to Grant, he does not plan his life, but does not intend leaving Ghana for any African country.This has raised eyebrows, as the 61-year-old former Chelsea coach has been linked to job offers from China, Dubai and Australia. &ldquo;I love Ghana. Don&rsquo;t worry, I am not planning on leaving. I just hope they renew (my contract) and we continue with life,&rdquo; he said following their win on Saturday.When asked by SunSport about the reported tiff between Gyan and Andre Ayew, Grant replied: &ldquo;People make up stories. I spend time with these players and have never seen them argue or fight. They do things together. They have a good relationship.&rdquo; Ghana will end their Group D matches against Egypt at the Stade de Port-Gentil on Wednesday and will be out to cement their place at the top of the table. &ldquo;We just want to play on a good pitch,&rdquo; the coach quipped about Port-Gentil&rsquo;s cabbage patch pitch. &ldquo;I don&rsquo;t want to be seen as complaining but the pitch is bad. I would be happy to play anywhere as long as there is a good pitch where we can express ourselves.&rdquo;He denied accusations that they stayed back in the second half, denying Mali freedom to play. &ldquo;We play for points in this competition and we now have six,&rdquo; he said. Mali coach Alain Giresse took responsibility for their loss. &ldquo;I didn&rsquo;t make correct substitutions. I was afraid of throwing in young players. It would have been a risk.&rdquo;He said his players were disappointed beyond belief &ldquo;but are waiting for the result of the next match&rdquo; against Uganda on Wednesday after Egypt knocked out the Cranes with a 1-0 win. Mali are now third in Group D with one point while leaders Black Stars have six points.