FORMER Bloemfontein Celtic and Jomo Cosmos defender Cheslyn Jampies may have found a new home.Jampies played for Cosmos last season before joining Celtic in June. He didn&rsquo;t serve a long stint at Celtic, as he was released in November following a disciplinary hearing for breaching the club&rsquo;s code of conduct. SunSport has reliably learned that the 26-year-old defender has penned a deal with Port Elizabeth based Chippa United.Chippa recently parted ways with left-back Simphiwe Mtsweni, who was not dancing to coach Dan Malesela&rsquo;s tune.Paseko Mako and Mark van Heerden were doing the job for the Chilli Boys in the left-back position but it is believed that Jampies will be Mtsweni&rsquo;s replacement.When contacted by SunSport, Jampies would not deny nor confirm anything about the new deal.He said: &ldquo;I have not signed with Chippa. My agent (Mike Makaab) is still in negotiations with four PSL teams. &ldquo;At the moment I don&rsquo;t have a team. Maybe the negotiations will be concluded next week. &rdquo;Some PSL teams have started strengthening their squads as they gear up for the second round. Kaizer Chiefs are expected to add players who will boost them in the second round, as they want to challenge for the league and the Nedbank Cup, the only remaining domestic trophies this season. Relegation-threatened Baroka FC, Highlands Park, Free State Stars and Platinum Stars are also expected to break the bank to sign players who will help save their sinking ships.Baroka have already roped in Mark Harrison as a technical director who will be working closely with coach Kgoloko Thobejane, as well as seven new players &ndash; Sindo Letsoalo, Jose Garcia, Mxolisi Kunene, Helder Pelembe, Siphamandla Sangweni and goalkeepers Tshinuna Abashoni and Ayanda Dlamini.Thobejane said defensive they were doing well, their main concern was the striking department. &ldquo;Our major problem is scoring, that&rsquo;s why we are focusing more on adding attacking midfielders and strikers. Our priority is to attack,&rdquo; the coach added.