AFRICA&rsquo;S 2016 Player of the Year, Denis Onyango, has admitted that they will miss Keagan Dolly at Mamelodi Sundowns following the 23-year-old&rsquo;s controversial move to French Ligue 1 side Montpellier after reportedly passing a medical at the weekend. Onyango said this on the back of his country&rsquo;s elimination from the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) currently underway in Gabon. Uganda failed to win a single match &ndash; losing 1-0 to both Egypt and Ghana.He has promised, however, that they will conclude their group matches in style by venting their frustrations at Mali when the teams clash at Stade de Oyem, Gabon, on Wednesday. The Downs goalie was quick to add that Dolly was talented and deserved to go and explore his future in Europe, which is where all footballers want to further their careers. &ldquo;It is sad to lose Keagan but he is a young man and needs to go out there and enjoy his football,&rdquo; said the 29-year-old Kampala-born goalie, who is battling a muscle sprain. &ldquo;It is actually a good move for him. &ldquo;I am praying that he enjoys football in Europe. We know he is a good player. We will definitely miss him. In football you have to move on.&rdquo;He is of the view that Downs would find another Dolly soon.Onyango added that he was happy at Sundowns and willing to sign an extension on his contract which expires at the end of the season.&ldquo;If there is a new contract I will sign it but if not, I would have to accept it,&rdquo; he said. On Uganda bowing out of the tournament in the group stages after being absent for 39 years, he replied: &ldquo;The guys tried but discipline at the back was our weakness. Up-front we played well. We were punished for mistakes and have taken lessons from it.&rdquo; He said their Federation of Uganda Football Associations (Fufa) president, Moses Magogo, had encouraged them to walk with their heads high &ldquo;since we cannot change the result. &ldquo;We must accept the reality that we are out and honour our last game (against Mali) to bow out with respect. We must finish strong.&rdquo; Uganda will meet both Ghana and Egypt again in Group E of the 2018 Fifa World Cup qualifiers, along with Togo.They play Egypt again on 17 August when the World Cup qualifiers resume and Onyango reckons they will be a better squad who are better prepared.He said: &ldquo;I didn&rsquo;t have good World Cup qualifier matches. It is good that we still have to play them in the qualifiers. Who knows, Uganda might qualify for the World Cup. That is the only thing missing for us.&rdquo;