MZANSI netball seems to be on the right track! The senior national team is looking to narrow the gap between them and the big guns in the sport, and they will get the opportunity to do just that when they host the eagerly awaited Quad Series featuring heavyweights New Zealand, Australia and England at the Durban International Convention Centre from 28-31 January. Fans can expect a feast of netball as the top-ranked countries that have dominated the World Netball Championships in the past will look to start the new year on a high note. Mzansi netball president Mimi Mthethwa and team skipper Bongiwe Msomi said the Proteas were not going into the competition just to make up the numbers. Excitement is building up ahead of the Quad Series as coach Norma Plummer announced her squad that will do battle against the top ranked teams in the world. Msomi said it was a great opportunity for the Proteas to pit themselves against some of the best players in the world &ndash; and in front of their home crowd. Mthethwa wants to see the series further improve the national team ahead of the Commonwealth Games scheduled for Australia in 2018 and the World Netball Championships in Liverpool, England in 2019. Said Mthethwa: &ldquo;The players couldn&rsquo;t have asked for a better way to start the year. This is the perfect opportunity for us to showcase our skills to the rest of the country. We are ready to test ourselves against the best in the sport. &ldquo;The players are excited and they can&rsquo;t wait to get onto the court to do battle.&rdquo; Australia and New Zealand will take on each other in the first match (3pm) on the first day, followed by the host nation against England (5pm). On Tuesday 31 January, the Proteas will take on Australia (7pm). The series will then move to England where the Proteas will face New Zealand on 5 February. Plummer said: &ldquo;This competition will set the tone for 2017 and we are hoping to go from strength to strength this season.&rdquo; The Proteas will assemble for camp in Durban on 18 January.