THE INTERNATIONAL friendly between Banyana Banyana and France cannot come soon enough! Banyana will report for camp next Sunday to start their preparations for the friendly game against France, ranked No 3 in the world, in Saint-Denis on Reunion Island on 22 January. Coach Desiree Ellis says the players are excited and can&rsquo;t wait for the opportunity to play against the Fifa World Cup 2019 host nation. Banyana also aim to secure a top three position at the Africa Women&rsquo;s Cup of Nations in Ghana next year to qualify for the World Cup finals in France. Ellis gave the players training programmes to follow before the Christmas recess and is confident that fitness issues will not be a concern for her team before their departure to the island. The coach said: &ldquo;The players will report for camp on Sunday evening. We gave them individual programmes to follow &ndash; we won&rsquo;t have to start fitness training from scratch. As a player, in my days I never stopped training and I expect to see them in good condition. They are excited and can&rsquo;t wait for the game against France.&rdquo; Banyana have faced strong international opponents before &ndash; playing against the Netherlands and World champions, the No 1 ranked United States of America, before the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro last year. Ellis intends to use the upcoming game against the French to gauge her team&rsquo;s readiness for the 2017 campaign. She plans to tackle the team&rsquo;s goal-scoring problems in particular. Banyana finished fourth at the Women&rsquo;s Afcon in Yaound&eacute;, Cameroon, last year. A repeat of that performance in Ghana in 2018 would deny them a chance to compete at the World Cup finals in France. Ellis said: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s another opportunity to test ourselves against one of the best football countries in the world. We will be working on finishing &ndash; it&rsquo;s the biggest problem we currently face in football. And it&rsquo;s not just the women&rsquo;s game, even the men seem to be running dry.&rdquo; &ldquo;We don&rsquo;t want to have to make excuses for not qualifying for the World Cup, which is why we want to work on this problem.&rdquo; Ellis added that the door for new players was not closed: &ldquo;We will cast our net wide for new players this year, from Varsity Football to the Sasol League and including road shows throughout SA.&rdquo;