NOBODY is safe!The Absa Premiership relegation dogfight will involve the nine sides that finished 2016 in the bottom half of the log table.That is the view of Free State Stars general manager Rantsi Mokoena, whose charges face another relegation battle this season.Ea Lla Koto finished the first half of the season with a much-needed 1-0 home win over joint leaders and Telkom Knockout champions Cape Town City at Goble Park to move into 14th place in the 16-team league with 14 points. They have two points more than bottom side Baroka FC.Stars had a bad start to the season and were forced to fire French coach Denis Lavagne in September after a spate of poor results.Mokoena rehired Italian Giovanni Solinas, who did a good job with the club last season before returning to Italy last May.The Stars boss said the festive break and 2017 Africa Cup of Nations finals, which kick off in Gabon on 14 January, was a blessing. The PSL only resumes on 7 February.Said Mokoena: &ldquo;We can no longer use the bad start as an excuse. We now have plenty of time to prepare for the second round and I have every confidence in the coach and players.&rdquo;Stars brought in two experienced defenders, Rooi Mahamutsa from Orlando Pirates and Thamsanqa Teyise from SuperSport United, last month to strengthen their defence. Mokoena disclosed he would bring in more players in the January transfer window which opened yesterday.He said: &ldquo;I&rsquo;m looking at bringing in three new signings to consolidate our squad. I&rsquo;m looking for a striker, a left-back and midfielder.&rdquo;Mokoena said he expected a tough battle when the second round starts: &ldquo;No-one from Maritzburg United (eighth on 19 points) down is safe. This is a really tight league. We have 14 points, only five fewer than Maritzburg. &ldquo;There will be some keenly contested games. That is why we need to beef up our squad.&rdquo;He said the 1-0 win over CT City was a huge morale booster: &ldquo;To be fair to City, they were limping with injuries and were still celebrating their Knockout triumph. That said, it was a massive three points. It&rsquo;s not easy to come to Bethlehem for any side.&rdquo;Mokoena wants to make home ground advantage count in the second round.He pointed out that bottom club Baroka, who have 12 points, had signed former MP Black Aces and Golden Arrows coach Mark Harrison as their technical director to assist struggling head coach Kgoloko Thobejane.Added Mokoena: &ldquo;Maritzburg are still without a coach since Ernst Middendorp left last month. Other clubs in the bottom half, such as Bloemfontein Celtic, still have two interim coaches (John Maduka and Lehlohonolo Seema). Highlands Park brought in former Bafana Bafana head coach Gordon Igesund to help them. So it makes for an interesting second round with a fierce relegation dogfight come May.&rdquo;