THERE could be a surprise mad dash to the Premier Soccer League&rsquo;s offices tonight as clubs try and beat the January transfer deadline.Although most clubs have done their transfer business, a few are set to make late signings.Kaizer Chiefs football manager Bobby Motaung is expected to be one of those visiting the PSL&rsquo;s Parktown offices tonight with some late signings, SunSport can reveal.Cape Town City head coach Eric Tinkler is another who will be busy on deadline and said he would be signing three new players ahead of the second round of the PSL.Relegation-threatened Highlands Park&rsquo;s head coach Gordon Igesund was quiet on possible late signings. But the former Bafana Bafana mentor could spring a surprise or two.Fellow-strugglers Free State Stars have signed five players in a bid to get out of the relegation zone.In comes striker Mohammed Anas from Mbabane Swallows. The Ghana striker also played for Maritzburg United. He will link up with another newcomer, former Gabon international forward Allen Nono. Ea Lla Koto have also signed two left-backs, Simphiwe Mtsweni (Chippa United) and Thabang Matuka (Bloemfontein Celtic) as well as former FC Twente (Holland) and Orlando Pirates midfielder Nhlakanipho Ntuli.Said Ea Lla Koto general manager Rantsi Mokoena: &ldquo;We have signed both Mtsweni and Matuka as we are losing (Bokang) Thlone at the end of the season. There will be plenty of competition for the left-back starting place.&rdquo;Thlone has signed a pre-contract with Bidvest Wits. Mokoena also has a new coach in Serame Letsoaka following the resignation of Giovanni Solinas earlier this month.Said Mokoena: &ldquo;We&rsquo;re happy with Letsoaka. He has settled in and knows what is expected of him &ndash; and that is to get us out of the relegation zone.&rdquo;Stars are 14th with 14 points from 15 matches.Mokoena said it would be a tight second round: &ldquo;There is little to separate teams after the first round. Golden Arrows, who are sixth with 20 points, are only six points above us. So any side from sixth place downwards is in the relegation zone. It&rsquo;s going to be dog-eat-dog in the second round at the top and bottom with the league being so closely contested.&rdquo;Chippa United are not expected to add to the four players they have already signed, Justice Chabalala, Sello Japhta, Nkosinathi Mthiyane and Donald Makondelela.Chilli Boys spokesman Luthando Zibeko said, however: &ldquo;At this stage we have completed our business &ndash; but football is unpredictable.&rdquo;Meanwhile, Ajax Cape Town have signed defender Isaac Nhlapo on a pre-contract from Platinum Stars.Pirates, Mamelodi Sundowns and SuperSport United are unlikely to be making any major signings.