AT LEAST 28 people died on Tshwane&rsquo;s roads this weekend.Sixteen of the victims died in one gruesome crash near Hammanskraal on Saturday. The driver of a bakkie lost control and swerved into oncoming traffic and crashed into a taxi. Netcare 911 spokeswoman Athlenda Mathe said six of the 16 who were killed in the accident were children. She said two survivors, both from the taxi, are in critical condition in hospital.&ldquo;They were both stabilised at the scene and transported to hospitals in the area,&rdquo; she said.Accidents also occurred on Solomon Mahlangu Drive on Friday and Saturday.Road Accident Fund CEO Dr Eugene Watson sent his condolences to the families of those who lost their lives. The National Taxi Alliance spokesman Theo Malele said they are deeply touched by the horrific accident. &ldquo;Our heartfelt condolences to the bereaved families, may their souls rest in peace, in particular the six young lives. We wish the two survivals a speedy and full recovery.&rdquo; ) Gauteng traffic police spokeswoman Busaphi Nxumalo said a Quantum taxi and a Mahindra Bolero crashed on Friday when the taxi&rsquo;s tyre went flat. Nxumalo said five people, including a six-year-old taxi passenger, died at the scene. Seven people were seriously injured, including the driver of the Mahindra.He warned motorists not to drive recklessly and to reduce their speed on slippery and wet roads.) In Kwaggafontein, Mpumalanga, two people drowned when a taxi was washed away by the floods on Saturday afternoon.Police spokesman Brigadier Leonard Hlathi said passenger Engeline Msiza (26) and Mpumalanga Fire and Rescue team member Jerry Mogoe (31) were swept away by the flash floods.&ldquo;The rescue team member risked his life. &ldquo;Unfortunately he was also washed away immediately after he saved the driver of the taxi,&rdquo; said Hlathi.) People who have relatives that are missing or who sustained major injuries in vehicle crashes can contact the Road Accident Fund call centre on 0860 23 55 23.