MANY TIMES, Kenny Motsamai sat in prison, thinking he would soon be free. There was no hint that he would have to wait for 27 years and 11 months to be released. YESTERDAY, AS HE SANK TO HIS KNEES, MOTSAMAI KNEW HE WAS TRULY FREE AT LAST.His wife ululated in excitement as he approached the door. And the first thing he did was to ask to be given a chance to kiss the ground. PAC armed wing commander Kenny Motsamai was in prison for 27 years and 11 months. But he will be wearing a tracker for the next six months. He hugged his wife, then his daughter, Busi, and son, Karabo, before briefly addressing the gathered crowd. Motsamai said he was going to work for unity within his party, the PAC. &ldquo;As a father, I will not be aligning myself with any faction of the PAC. I want unity in the PAC. If there is no unity I may be forced to look for a party which has unity,&rdquo; Motsamai said.&nbsp; Mantombi Magagula, Motsamai&rsquo;s wife, had been waiting patiently with singing and dancing members of the PAC and EFF outside Boksburg Prison for more than four hours. There was another two-hour delay again before Motsamai was released a few minutes before 3pm at Boksburg Correctional Services Reintegration Centre in Ekurhuleni. The long wait was broken by the arrival of Pastor Paseka &ldquo;Mboro&rdquo; Motsoeneng, one of the people who have been supporting Motsamai in his campaign to be free, who was soon followed by Dali Mpofu, national chairman of the EFF. It was later learned that Motsamai had been taken out of prison to the city centre offices of correctional services to face the parole board.&nbsp; There were moments when his wife was losing hope that he would be freed. Mpofu said the PAC was the first political organisation to bring the land question into the public debate. &ldquo;When we talk to the PAC, we always seem to find common ground. The government has always allowed the PAC to be treated differently,&rdquo; Mpofu said. Mboro said: &ldquo;As a prophet, I cannot afford to discriminate against anybody.&nbsp; &ldquo;I treat everybody the same, that is why I&rsquo;m helping this leader. I hope the community leaders welcome him warmly.&rdquo; Mboro and the PAC have given Motsamai money to start a car- wash business in Katlehong, Ekurhuleni. For Mantombi, the long wait was worth it. &ldquo;I am the happiest person in the world,&rdquo; she said.&nbsp; &nbsp;