GUINEA-BISSAU players Frederic Mendy and Francisco Santos da Silver Junior have sent a stern warning to their next 2017 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) opponents Cameroon and Burkina Faso to be careful of a banana peel.The Djurtus (African wild dogs) as Guinea-Bissau are known in soccer circles, grew in confidence on Saturday after holding tournament hosts Gabon to a 1-1 draw with a last gasp 90th minute goal from Juary Santos that tore the hearts of the home side.Next to face the Afcon newbies will be Cameroon&rsquo;s Indomitable Lions at the Stade d&rsquo;Angondje in Libreville, before they complete their group matches against Burkina Faso.Mendy, who plies his trade in Korea for Ulsan Hyundai FC, refused to agree that Santos&rsquo; goal was like stealing a point from the hosts.He believes the goal helped them prove a point about their country: &ldquo;Not many people know where Guinea-Bissau is, but after tonight (Saturday) people will pull out their world maps to find our where is this country. Our football is getting better by the day and I am proud that people are noticing us today. &ldquo;Honestly, we were motivated to win this game but they (Gabon) came too strong at us. We did our best for our country. Our supporters back home should be proud of us.&rdquo; Group A is still wide open with Cameroon and Burkina Faso having also drawn 1-1, which will make Wednesday&rsquo;s matches very interesting as the teams try to win the group.Gabon will play Burkina Faso at the same venue on Wednesday.Mendy said they were charged up for their clash against the Indomitable Lions&rsquo; stars in Georges Mandjeck, Sebastien Siani and Clinton Njie. Norway-based Silver Junior told SunSport they&rsquo;d put in a lot of work in preparing for the competition and were not in Gabon as mere lambs for the slaughterhouse. &ldquo;If you don&rsquo; t win, then make sure that you don&rsquo;t lose,&rdquo; said the Stomsgodset midfielder.&ldquo;It was always going to be hard to play against the home team in the opening match. I wouldn&rsquo;t say that we stole a point from them. &ldquo;We expect to win against Cameroon having held the hosts to a draw. If we want to reach the next stage of the competition, then we must beat Cameroon.&rdquo; Mathews Mpete is in Gabon as a guest of SuperSport.