MOST of us do not even know where to start when we have to do some DIY work in the house.&nbsp; To install something like a basin or a bath seems like a daunting task, but thanks to TopT DIY giving you some very valid pointers and helping you step-by-step, you can do it too. - Most baths are supplied with a plastic film for protection. Do not remove this film until you have completed the installation. - Decide how high you want the bath to be above the floor. A height of at least 450mm is recommended. - Measure the depth of the waste trap below the bath and allow enough space for the trap and overflow to function properly once installed. - Mark the height of the bath (including the trap) on the wall and add about 10cm for safety. If you&rsquo;re tiling around the bath, you may want to adjust the final height to minimise the cutting of tiles. - Use a chalk line to mark the final height on the walls. - Securely fasten wooden support battens to the walls along the height lines, making sure they are level. - Place the bath in position with the back and side resting on the battens. Check the levels. - To support the underside of the bath, place three equally spaced rows of bricks with ample mortar under the reinforcing ribs of the bath. The first row should be as close to the waster filling as possible. - Make sure the open sides of the bath are level with the ends of the battens. - Install the taps and waste pipe fittings. - Brick up the open sides of the bath. Plan your access trap (inspection door) to allow access to the waste and overflow should the need arise. - Allow enough space so that when the wall is plastered and tiled, the tiles will be flush with the edge of the bath. Plaster the walls and lay the tiles where necessary. Use only mildew-resistant silicone sealant between the top of the bath and the edge of the tiles. - If your bath is covered with a plastic film, remove the film. - Remove all plaster, broken tiles and paint splashes from the bath and check for scratches. - Scratches can be removed by polishing with a metal polish. Deeper scratches can be removed by first sanding with a very fine water paper, followed by polish.&nbsp;