ONE OF Mzansi&rsquo;s most respected soccer legends, Benni McCarthy, who obtained his coaching Uefa-A diploma this week, says he&rsquo;s ready to take over at Orlando Pirates should the club come calling for his services. McCarthy ended his illustrious career at Pirates where he had endeared himself to Buccaneers supporters. He has never hidden his burning desire to coach the team some day. Calls for McCarthy to return, this time as coach, grew louder after news that he has since become a qualified coach. The discussion and speculation lit up social media. Augusto Palacios is currently caretaker coach but Pirates chairman Irvin Khoza told City Press that the search for a coach was in full swing and that the new man would be unveiled before the end of the month. Said McCarthy: &ldquo;The chairman is a very busy man &ndash; no one from Pirates has spoken to me. I wouldn&rsquo;t say no to Pirates. If they approached me, I would grab the job with both hands. &ldquo;I feel like part of the furniture and the family there. It would be a huge blessing for me &ndash; and I&rsquo;d be just like Zinedine Zidane and Pep Guardiola coaching the clubs they once played for. &ldquo;When I arrived at Pirates as a player, it was a match made in heaven. The supporters loved me and gave me the best send-off when I retired. The club gave me a platform to leave a legacy in SA and I boosted the club with my performances. &ldquo;But the chairman has faith in coach Palacios, who is very experienced and has been at the club for many years. As for me, all this is just speculation.&rdquo;The all-time Bafana leading goalscorer also ruled himself out for the vacant SA senior national team job. He said he wanted to start at club level, where he would be busy and get dirty on a daily basis so he could learn the trade quickly. McCarthy said he would continue studying for more coaching badges. He will be trying to obtain his Uefa Pro licence in May.&ldquo;I want to show that soccer players are not dumb, and that we can study and achieve in the classroom as well. &ldquo;My next move is to start sending out my CV and putting my name out there. I am ready to be a manager and to coach.&rdquo;