IT&rsquo;S TOUGH at the top!Just ask defending Absa Premiership champions and Caf Champions League winners Mamelodi Sundowns, who face seven tough fixtures in the space of 20 days next month when the Premier Soccer League (PSL) season resumes.It&rsquo;s a gruelling start to the second round of the season for Downs, who made history last season when the newly crowned African champions became the first Mzansi club to represent South Africa at the Fifa Club World Cup in Japan.The Brazilians&rsquo; success in Africa has resulted in a massive fixtures backlog that has forced the league to extend the season into mid-June. The league is scheduled to finish on 17 June instead of 27 May.Downs, who have played only nine league matches &ndash; six fewer than most clubs &ndash; have six league games to complete next month, starting with an away match against Bloemfontein Celtic and ending with a home game against Chippa United on 28 February. They also face the Chilli Boys away on Valentine&rsquo;s Day, 14 February, in a bid to catch up their fixture backlog. This match is a bone of contention because on 18 February, Downs face DR Congo giants and Caf Confederation Cup winners TP Mazembe in the Caf Super Cup final at Lucas Moripe Stadium. Downs&rsquo; request to postpone their away match against Chippa on 14 February at Mdantsane&rsquo;s Sisa Dukashe Stadium was turned down by the PSL.PSL spokesman Lux September said they had engaged Sundowns on this issue but their problem was that they didn&rsquo;t have any dates to reschedule that fixture. &ldquo;We want them to win the Super Cup and are behind them all the way. They will play Chippa on Tuesday (14 February) and still have time to prepare for the Super Cup final, which will be played on Saturday (18 February). &ldquo;This is not unusual, as we have played midweek matches prior to cup finals in the past when faced with fixture congestion. The reality is we simply don&rsquo;t have another date. &ldquo;We have already extended the season into the middle of June to accommodate the backlog.&rdquo;Downs spokesman Thulani Thuswa said they were disappointed at not getting the Chippa match postponed but added that Downs were used to playing one fixture after another.He said: &ldquo;We hoped to get a postponement to give us more time to prepare for the Super Cup. But we accept the decision. We&rsquo;ll just have to play seven matches in February. &ldquo;We experienced this type of hectic schedule when we competed in the Champions League and before we went to Japan. So we&rsquo;ll simply soldier on.&rdquo;Downs will have all their players back from the Africa Cup of Nations,,including Khama Billiat and Denis Onyango, after Zimbabwe and Uganda were knocked out. TP Mazembe arrive in Joburg on 10 February.