THE VIDEO clip lasts only a few seconds, but it has caused a huge stir.Parents whose children attend Ikeleng Primary School in Tshwane are angry because a video of a teacher pretending to be a sangoma in class started doing the rounds. In the video, the teacher is seen kneeling on the floor, making actions, with the children responding.Nobody knows who started circulating the video but it has prompted parents to demand disciplinary action. The teacher from the school in Lebanon, Mabopane, is seen bending over, pretending to throw sangoma bones.Then she starts shouting: &ldquo;Vumani bo! Vumani bo!&rdquo;The pupils respond: &ldquo;Siyavuma!&rdquo;She repeats it three times and then she stands up, laughing and someone gives a high five to the kids. The person taking the video also laughs back and says to the teacher: &ldquo;O bosepa wena.&rdquo; The video was trending on WhatsApp, opening fresh debate about religion in the classroom on the social network.Parents are not happy. One of them said the teacher not only insulted their tradition but used their children for her jokes.&ldquo;Our kids are not toys. We send them to school to study the curriculum, not to learn about sangoma things.&rdquo; She said the children listened to everything their teachers told them. &ldquo;They trust the teachers more than us. When they are taught curtain things at school they also want to do them at home,&rdquo; she said. Another parent said the teacher should be disciplined. &ldquo;If we want our children to learn such things there are proper ways to do that. &ldquo;She should also have taken into consideration that some children&rsquo;s families don&rsquo;t believe in such practices,&rdquo; he said. Oupa Bodibe, Gauteng Department of Education acting spokesman, said they were aware of the matter. &ldquo;We strongly condemn the alleged conduct of the teacher. The district has been requested to investigate. &ldquo;The outcome will determine the action to be taken against the teacher.&rdquo;