U SING reason to create order is fast fading into the memory of a once-democratic South Africa.The country has a regime with an increasing appetite for intimidation and deadly force to bully the populace and political opponents into compliance.The deployment of the army in Cape Town shows the ruling party is prepared to use threats for political ends.It brought to mind Fela Kuti&rsquo;s song, Sorrow, Tears and Blood, with lyrics such as : Everybody run, run, everybody scatter, scatter, police they come army the come . . .Politician William Hague was right to suggest that &ldquo;governments that use violence to stop democratic development will not earn respite forever and will find themselves on the wrong side of history&rdquo;.Parliamentary Speaker Baleka Mbethe&rsquo;s refusal of a simple request for a moment of silence for the 94 patients who died owing to the bungles was yet another moment of revelation.To Mbethe, it does no matter how noble an idea or gesture is. As long as it does not come from the ruling party or those who seem sympathetic with it is not to be considered.Separating a great and or noble idea or proposition from opponents, disliked persons or those not in the inner-circle of the ANC has been one of the organisation&rsquo;s many failures.In the State of the Nation Address (Sona) itself, it was disingenuous to speak of income disparities, imbalances in land ownership patterns, and an untransformed economy &ndash; as if they were new discoveries!For nearly 23 years the disadvantaged population has been expected to live on repeated promises with very little delivery. Patience has been wearing thin, and rightly so.What we need are clear timelines, action plans and targets on when these imbalances are going to be unequivocally corrected. And while the ANC is at it, severe consequences (self-correction if you like) for failure to achieve these goals should accompany declarations.For any sober-thinking person an increase to 17 million social grants is nothing to boast about. And an increase in the number of self-reliant and independent people who contribute to the revenue base would make sense in many ways. But not to predatory politicians whose life of comfort depends on exploitation, maintenance &ndash; and an increasing population that is hooked on government gifts.Zuma anticipates a low 1,3% economic growth because: &ldquo; . . . the global economic environment remains uncertain.&rdquo; A number of East African countries have been growing their economies at between 4% to 5% within the same uncertain global economic environment.Back to the subject of use of force, perhaps we should have read the writing on the wall.The previous year&rsquo;s Sona was on the 11th and the one for the current year was the 9th. Switched around, these two dates become 9/11 and or 911.P RONOUNCED as 9/11 the number has been associated with violence. I mean the extreme kind that resulted in great loss of lives on the destruction of the New York twin towers on 11 September, 2001.Were the gods symbolically communicating that SA is treading dangerously near to the cliff? Was the number an alert for Mzansi to switch on the emergency button and rescue itself from self-serving politicians?And Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu repeatedly warned Mzansi to watch out.At the Sona, the muting of mics and interference with journalists doing their work suggests the aim was to conceal real state of the nation. It projected an image of a threatened regime &ndash; which hopes its bully boy tactics will make dissenting voices be afraid, very afraid!