ROGER Sikhakhane will only start talking about Thanda Royal Zulu&rsquo;s chances of returning to the Premier Soccer League after 23 games. He says it is too early to start celebrating. &ldquo;We are still far from thinking about promotion. We have 40 points, it&rsquo;s too early to say we are there yet. Fair enough, we are 10 points ahead, but that doesn&rsquo;t mean we are on our way to the title. Maybe after 23 games we can start talking about it,&rdquo; said Sikhakhane. Sikhakhane has experience in taking a team to the PSL. He led Chippa United to their first stint in top flight football in 2011-12.Amabhubesi are still unbeaten after 18 matches and 10 points clear at the top of the National First Division standings.Then 10-man Thanda were held 2-2 by Ama&shy;Zulu in their KZN derby match on Sunday after Zitha Macheke was sent off. Thanda were 2-0 up, with Mhlengi Cele scoring both goals, and looked set for their 12th win of the season. But Usuthu were not ready to surrender, fighting their way back and earning a valuable point away from home. Captain Thapelo Nyongo and Siyabonga Nomvethe were the scorers for Usuthu. On their comeback Nyongo said: &ldquo;We had to dig deep as players to make sure we get the point. At 2-0 down against the log leaders in front of their home supporters we looked beaten, but we were never ready to give up. &ldquo;We looked at our disappointed fans who had travelled with us and knew we needed to do something. We are happy with the point and are looking to build on it.&rdquo;The point didn&rsquo;t make any difference for Usuthu as far as league standing goes, however. They are still eighth with 25 points. Third-placed Royal Eagles are still in contention for the promotion play-offs and could catch up to Thanda should they suffer some hiccups. Eagles beat Mthatha Bucks 3-2 on Saturday. The three points has helped them reduce the gap between them and Thanda. They are now 11 points behind the leaders and one behind second-placed Black Leopards. The other KZN team, Real Kings, also won their weekend match when they beat Jomo Cosmos 1-0. They remain in 12th place.