S O, who dished out the best dance moves between Ghana and the Democratic Republic of Congo players during goal celebrations at the 2017 Afcon in Ghana? Or between Cameroon and Senegal?Except for the more conservative North African countries Egypt, Tunisia, Morocco and Algeria, most African countries are noted for unveiling new dance celebrations at every tournament &ndash; and the 2017 edition was no different.There may have been a lack of goals, or a shortage in colour and spectacle, but there was plenty of song and dance. What players lacked in front of goals, they made up with their perfectly executed routines.It seems players put in more effort into dancing than practising how to score goals. But that&rsquo;s the African way. Having covered four Caf Afcon tournaments across the continent, I have fond memories of Africa&rsquo;s biggest sporting tournament.During our stay in Tamale and Kumasi in Afcon 2008, I witnessed the Ghanaians&rsquo; love for &ldquo;shaking what their mamas gave them&rdquo;.Mzansi folk can whip up the gwara-gwara dance with ease, but in Kumasi, SA&rsquo;s media entourage that included yours truly, the retired ball-room dancer Matshelane Mamabolo, Timothy Molobi, Lefty &ldquo;Westside&rdquo; Shivhambu, the wise-to-ways veterans Billy Cooper and Thomas Kwenaite, beer-guzzling midfield combination of Marc Strydom and John Goliath, Englishman Jonty Mark &ndash; who couldn&rsquo;t even &ldquo;Dance Like a White Guy&rdquo;, Nakampe Lekwadu, Ntuthuko Maphumulo (may his soul rest in peace), Matlhomola Morake and Luthando Zibeko before they sold out and deserted the Fourth Estate &ndash; were shown &lsquo;Black stars&rsquo; on the dancefloor.I must hasten to add that But I blame a dozen crates of the potent Star Beer for our guys&rsquo; out-of-tune dancing and zig-zagging all over the show. The only prize they won was a massive headache and babalaas the next day. In Kinshasa, DRC, small kids and grown-ups can &ndash; out of the blue &ndash; burst into dance without any music playing in the background. Congo players celebrated by doing the &ldquo;Fimbu&rdquo; jive seven times at the tournament &ndash; after each goal they scored in Gabon. Their supporters in the stands joined in. Even in difficult times, song and dance has turned gloom into bloom and has lightened and brightened up the atmosphere. It&rsquo;s a temporary escape from the harsh realities of life. from the harsh realities of life &ndash; people were happy Sadly, the seven Cameroon boneheads, including Liverpool defender Joel Matip, who deserted their country and continent for their European clubs, really sold their souls. They don&rsquo;t deserve to be called Africans. Others are West Brom full-back Allan Nyom, Andre Onana (Ajax Amsterdam), Guy N&rsquo;dy Assembe (Nancy), Maxime Poundje, Andre-Frank Zambo Anguissa (Olympique Marseille) and Ibrahim Amadou.Except for these hotheads, it was a marvel to watch Junior Kabananga, Khama Billiat, Riyad Mahrez, Andre Ayew, Sadio Mane and Paul-Jos&eacute; M&rsquo;Poku&rsquo;s goal against Ghana.I did enjoy the 2017 Africa Cup of Dancing!