BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic midfielder, Lantshene Phalane, has allegedly proven to be quite the deft dribbler &ndash; both on and off the field.This after claims that the 27-year-old soccer whizz had fathered the one-month-old child of then matriculant Sarisha Ntsane. But he kept his relationship sweet with long-term squeeze, Dipuo &ldquo;Peaches&rdquo; Maloi.&ldquo;Sarisha and Lantshene met when he took us to the Cubana Club in Bloemfontein. The two hit it off and even left together,&rdquo; one source claimed.&ldquo;But Sarisha was unaware Lantshene was seeing Peaches. She only found out when she was three months pregnant.&rdquo;When contacted by the SunTeam, a reluctant Sarisha confirmed the footie was the father of her child, but refused to comment further.Sources painted a dark picture of the dynamic between Lantshene and his baby mama.According to a mole, the Phunya Sele Sele maestro had allegedly tried in vain to convince Sarisha &ldquo;to abort their baby&rdquo; last year.&ldquo;He offered her R1 200 to terminate her pregnancy,&rdquo; the mole alleged.&ldquo;He was scared he would lose Peaches, who is notorious for being a serial soccer player dater. &ldquo;She has in the past been linked to Bafana Bafana midfielder Andile Jali and Golden Arrows midfielder Kuda Mahachi.&rdquo;A third source alleged Sarisha&rsquo;s parents came to her rescue when Lantshene kept demanding an abortion. &ldquo;It was against her principles. There was no way she would&rsquo;ve done that,&rdquo; the source claimed.&ldquo;She was hurt when he demanded that she abort the baby. He kept saying he was not ready to be a father, as football was his focus. &ldquo;But if he was so focused, he should&rsquo;ve used a condom!&rdquo;When Sunday Sun tried to contact Lantshene, we learned that he had not reported for work since Wednesday.Attempts to get comment from Dipuo failed and the SunTeam learned that she had changed her number.When Celtic&rsquo;s team manager was contacted for comment, he said: &ldquo;He told us he had to go and see his child because the child was sick. We don&rsquo;t deal with personal problems.&rdquo;As if that was not enough, the Phunya Sele Sele maestro is also accused of offering his baby mama R1200 to have abortion in November because he feared to lose his sweetheart Dipuo &ldquo;Peaches&rdquo; Maloi. Dipuo is controversially known for dating dating [serial soccer player dater&iuml; soccer stars after she broke up with her baby daddy and Bafana Bafana superstar, Andile Jali and Golden Arrows midfielder, Kuda Mahachi. Sources close to the two parties told Sunday Sun that Lantshene who has been missing scoring opportunities in the field, managed to put the ball behind the net when he met Sarisha who was in Grade 12 early last year. &ldquo;Sarisha and Lantshene met when he asked to take us to the famous Cubana Club. The two fell in love on our first outing and they left together. Sarisha was not aware that Lantshene was seeing Dipuo and that they were staying together here in Bloemfontein. She only found out about the affair when she was three months pregnant that Lantshene was dating Dipuo,&rdquo; the source said. Another mole said that it Sarisha&rsquo;s prants who intervened when Lantshene kept demanding that she abort the baby. &ldquo;It was against her principles to abort the baby. There was no way she was going to do that. She was so hurt when nLentshane demanded that she abort the baby. He kept telling that he was not ready to have a child and that he was focusing on his career as footballer. He is insane, if he was so focused on his soccer he should have used a condom from the beginning,&rdquo; the mole said. The source further said: &ldquo;He doesn&rsquo;t support the baby although the child is one month old. He has never bought anything for the child and he is ignoring Sarisha&rsquo;s calls. This is despite the fact that he was paying R12 000 on booze on Wednesday at Cubana.&rdquo; When Sarisha was contacted for comment, she confirmed having a child with Lantshene but refused to comment further. WAITING FOR LANTSHENE AND DIPUO&rsquo;S COMMENT.