K AIZER CHIEFS boss, Kaizer Motaung, understands the importance of playing overseas.And he&rsquo;s rather puzzled as to why Mzansi players are returning to the Premier Soccer League (PSL) in droves, without making an impression abroad. Motaung spent about five years in the US, playing for Atlanta Chiefs and later Denver Dynamos and he knows for a fact that international exposure can benefit Mzansi football.Recently, Mandla Masango returned home and is on loan to SuperSport United after a rather uninspiring spell in Denmark, with Randers FC.When he left, he was on song. Masango propelled Amakhosi to win the PSL title under Stuart Baxter. But Denmark, and Belgium, where many Mzansi players plying their trade, are not the most competitive leagues in the bigger scheme of things.This is a big worry for Mzansi football. Players return to the PSL in numbers without making an impact or flying Mzansi&rsquo;s flag high.Tefu Mashamaite, Granwald Scott and Darren Keet are some of the players who returned to the PSL recently after trying their luck abroad. Motaung also stresses the importance of playing in competitive leagues.&ldquo;I don&rsquo;t think it&rsquo;s good, that they&rsquo;re coming back to the PSL. But I think it also depends where players go, standards they have in that league and what benefits it give to our players and the competition,&rdquo; Motaung said this week.&ldquo;It&rsquo;s not a good thing. I think players should choose wisely. That&rsquo;s key &ndash; because when they go overseas it should be seen as a step forward, where they spend a lot of time before they finally return home.&ldquo;When they go for one season it doesn&rsquo;t make any sense. It could be that our players are weak psychologically, but don&rsquo;t forget that when Egypt won the Afcon three times in a row, they probably had about only three Europe-based players in their squad, the rest were local players.&ldquo;Like I said, the most important thing is choosing a country where you think it&rsquo;ll benefit them.&rdquo;Motaung also lamented the minimal number of young players coming through development ranks.&ldquo;Over the years we have promoted players, but I think the rate at which that has been done has been very slow for me.&ldquo;The future lies at development level.I F YOU have a good youth structure and you are able to sustain your success in the league, otherwise everything else will depend on what&rsquo;s available in the market &ndash; and we know in the football industry costs are only rising.&rdquo;He added: &ldquo;In the market now you have an artificial economy created by agents, and they are exploiting it. So, it becomes a bit of a problem, if you don&rsquo;t have something within your structures.&rdquo; It is a reality that a few players are promoted from junior ranks. Young players are loaned out or end up being offered free transfers. It&rsquo;s so haphazard that clubs end up buying the same players that they discarded from their academies.