PREGNANCY Awareness Week, from 8 to 14 February, wants to help mothers enjoy the journey of expecting. SunHealth with the help of Diana Du Plessis, a midwife consultant and representative at Philip&rsquo;s Mother and Child Division, are looking at important things about pregnancy.&ldquo;Becoming a new mum is a thrilling, yet scary experience. From the moment you find out you&rsquo;re expecting a little bundle of joy, you need to make numerous life changing decisions &ndash; even before the big arrival,&rdquo; she said.She said in between many choices that need to be made &ndash; including what colour to paint the baby&rsquo;s room to who will take care of your baby if you return to work &ndash; you also need to consider the other in between moments.&ldquo;You also need to look at your health and lifestyle choices, which could directly affect your unborn child. If you have been taking your health for granted, then now is the time to check your current lifestyle and see if any changes need to be made,&rdquo; she said.Your unborn baby relies on you for all important nutrients her or his development needs, and by eating well, exercising and taking your prenatal vitamins, you can decrease your risk of a complicated pregnancy.Dianna said it was for this reason that as an expectant mom, you should prioritise your health, and working out an exercise and eating plan goes a long way here.&ldquo;How long can I jog for? Am I able to lift weights? These are some of the questions that a lot of pregnant women are unsure of when it comes to exercise,&rdquo; she said.Many expectant mums want to jump in and exercise to make sure to keep the extra weight off. But it is not a good idea to start suddenly overstressing your body &ndash; especially when pregnant. Properly managed exercise will help:- Increase your energy levels- Improve sleep- Build muscles and endurance- Reduce backaches- Relieve constipationEating right for you and the baby&ldquo;Certain foods should be avoided by a pregnant mother, like raw meat and uncooked seafood. No sushi,&rdquo; she said.Antenatal visits and appointmentsAs soon as you find out that you are pregnant, schedule appointments with a reputable gynaecologist or mid-wife, who can help you plan your antenatal care. &ldquo;This will make sure you are getting the right advice for a healthy pregnancy, right from the get go,&rdquo; she said.PACK FOR CHILDBIRTH!SunHealth spoke to long-time nurse at Parklane Clinic in Parktown, Sister Gabisile Khambule, about what you must bring with you to the clinic or hospital when it is time to deliver your baby.She said: &ldquo;The clinic would have given you an estimate of when your baby is expected. but most people wait until they get labour pains and this makes them forget what they will need for stay.&rdquo;Gabisile advised on what a pregnant women need at the birth centre:- Your ID book and clinic card.- A bathrobe, a nightgown or two, slippers, and socks. You need a loose, comfortable gown that you don&rsquo;t mind getting dirty. - Pack a few personal toiletries such as a toothbrush, toothpaste, lip balm, deodorant, a brush and comb, makeup, and hair bands and/or hair clips.- Snacks! After many hours of labour, you&rsquo;ll feel very hungry but not want to face hospital food. So bring your own crackers, fresh or dried fruit, nuts, granola bars and/or whatever other healthy food you like.- A fresh outfit and your baby&rsquo;s clothes.