NOT having a visible number on your house may not seem like a big deal. But when a crisis hits, it can mean the difference between life and death.Residents of Kliptown know firsthand how the lack of visible house numbers can lead to tragedy. One gogo remembers the horror of losing her daughter when she fell ill at home &ndash; because the ambulance took three hours to find her house.&ldquo;I was waiting for the ambulance and the ambulance didn&rsquo;t come in time. I lost my daughter,&rdquo; said the heartbroken gogo.In the same way, an emergency call to the cops may not be quickly responded to because the cops have to wander around the kasi looking for the house in trouble. Visiting friends and strangers also experience frustration when they struggle to find your front door.Enter Grey Design and Loxyion Connection. They put their creative heads together and thought carefully about how each house could be given a clearly visible number. What they noticed was that almost every house or shack in the area had its own satellite dish. Being attached above the closely crowded structures, what better surface to put a house number on than a satellite dish? Big, colourful, tough-plastic discs could be put on them to boldly announce the house&rsquo;s number! And so the concept of &ldquo;Satellife&rdquo; was born.Fran Luckin, chief creative officer at Grey Design said: &ldquo;Kliptown was specifically chosen as the houses are close together and it&rsquo;s difficult to see the house numbers &ndash; which makes it perfect for what we want to do.&rdquo;&ldquo;It&rsquo;s a great time to be working in emergency service assistance,&rdquo; said Connor Hartnady, Emergency Care Practitioner and lecturer at the Department of Medical Care at the University of Johannesburg.&nbsp; &ldquo;I&rsquo;ve lost track of the tragic incidents we&rsquo;ve had to deal with due to paramedics being unable to find distressed houses.&nbsp; Satellife is going to help us save many lives.&rdquo;Ten houses in Kliptown are participating in the pilot project. The companies are hopeful that the value of their great idea will soon be recognised by municipalities, which will support them in making sure all kasi houses have clearly visible numbers &ndash; and a better chance of avoiding unnecessary tragedies and frustration.