SOUTH Africa&rsquo;s Under-20 head coach Thabo Senong says his charges are ready to take on west African sides in this month&rsquo;s Africa U-20 Cup of Nations (U-20 Afcon) being staged in Zambia. Amajita have struggled against west African sides in the past and will need to prove their worth in the group stages of this year&rsquo;s U-20 Afcon, where they will again face countries from the western region of the continent. Amajita are in Group B with Cameroon, Senegal and north African side Sudan.They are in the final stages of preparations for tournament. Amajita will travel to Zambia today where they will play a friendly match against Junior Chipolopolo on Sunday. They then face Mali in Polokwane the following weekend before Senong&rsquo;s selects his final 21-man squad for the event.The U-20 Afcon kicks off on 26 February and ends on 12 March. Matches will be played in Lusaka and Ndola. Senong said: &ldquo;Playing in Zambia will help us adapt to the weather conditions. And Zambia, who have tall, strong players with good physical attributes, will be a good test for us.&rdquo;He went on: &ldquo;We have also brought in taller players to give us more height in defence. We have to be balanced, compete in the air when we&rsquo;re defending and use our skill going forward.&ldquo;We are ready to compete against the west Africans but we still stick to our strengths, which include our skills on the ball. It is our ambition to qualify for the World Cup &ndash; it will be good for South African football to play in these tournaments.&rdquo; Senong was given a boost yesterday when striker Liam Jordan, who plays for Portuguese giants Sporting Lisbon, arrived at camp. Another Portuguese based player, Luther Singh, who plays for SC Braga, and Israel based defender Zama Rambuwane will join the squad later this week. The top four sides at the competition qualify for the World Cup, which will be held in South Korea in June.Amajita finished in fifth position at the previous U-20 Afcon in Senegal in 2015, which saw them missing out on participation in the 2015 U-20 World Cup in New Zealand that year.