CALM has been restored in Pretoria West after an attack on homes of people accused of dealing in drugs. Two houses belonging to foreigners as well as 29 cars were set alight on Saturday. Businesses were also looted. Local are accusing foreigners of dealing in drugs and using South African women as prostitutes. However, chairman of the Africa Diaspora Forum Marc Gbaffou, said some innocent people were also attacked. &ldquo;You can be in the country illegally but that doesn&rsquo;t make you a criminal,&rdquo; he said.Gbaffou said he doesn&rsquo;t rule out the possibility that some immigrants might be involved in crime.&ldquo;I am aware that there are criminal elements. What I&rsquo;m saying is that crime doesn&rsquo;t have a nationality. Criminals must be reported to law enforcement agencies regardless of their nationality,&rdquo; he said. However, South African Peter Mnguni (40) disagrees with Gbaffou and said what happened was not xenophia. &ldquo;Here in Pretoria West are people from Mozambique, Botswana and Lesotho. &ldquo;If the attacks were xenophobic, those people would have been targeted too. Residents were simply doing the job of the police and rooting criminals out of their community,&rdquo; he said. Police spokeswoman Brigadier Mathapelo Peters confirmed that calm had returned to the streets of Pretoria West.&ldquo;One suspect was arrested and cases of arson and public violence are being investigated,&rdquo; she said.The group called Mamelodi Concerned Residents is planning a march on Friday against the hiring of illegal immigrants by companies. Peters said the police are aware of the march.Gbaffou also spoke about the attacks on foreigners in Rosettenville, Joburg recently.He called on Joburg Mayor Herman Mashaba to focus on service delivery and leave the immigrant issue to the minister of home affairs.He said: &ldquo;We are surprised that the mayor wants to take the job of the minister of home affairs. Maybe he&rsquo;s aspiring to that position. &ldquo;We want to encourage the mayor to provide decent houses because that is what he was elected for.&rdquo;