GOLDEN Arrows mentor Clinton Larsen is positive Kagisho &ldquo;KG&rdquo; Dikgacoi will be back to his old self again soon. Dikgacoi missed Abafana Bes&rsquo;thende&rsquo;s first two matches of the second round of the Absa Premiership season played last week. Larsen explained why the former Bafana Bafana midfielder did not feature in those matches against SuperSport United and Bloemfontein Celtic respectively: &ldquo;Dikgacoi had a minor knee operation in December. Not many people were aware of that. He had to have his knee cleaned out and was out for four weeks. &ldquo;He only started training in January and only had a mini pre-season,&rdquo; said Larsen. The 32-year-old has played a crucial role since joining the Durban outfit from England&rsquo;s Cardiff City in October. He scored in their 2-2 KZN derby draw with Maritzburg United in his second debut for the club. The former Celtic coach said he could already see the club&rsquo;s former skipper getting back to his best. &ldquo;He&rsquo;s a quality player and I&rsquo;m sure he will bounce back. But for now he needs to work on his match fitness. He has recovered well from the operation and is looking good. He still has a lot to offer the club. &ldquo;We are not rushing him either. When we feel that he is fit and ready, and we&rsquo;re playing against the right opponents, he will get his chance.&rdquo;After a win at home against Phunya Sele Sele on Saturday, Abafana Bes&rsquo;thende will again be playing in front of their home fans this weekend. They face struggling Free State Stars at Princess Magogo Stadium in KwaMashu on Saturday (3.30pm). Arrows will be without their new marksman, Malawian international Chiukepo Msowoya, who was red-carded against Celtic and is suspended. Msowoya has experienced a nightmare of a start at Arrows. In his debut against SuperSport United last Wednesday he scored an own goal as Arrows got beaten 5-2 &ndash; their biggest defeat so far this season. Now he will have to sit out two matches after getting his marching orders against Celtic.