FREE STATE Stars&rsquo; new coach, Serame Letsoaka, has insisted that they are not pressing any panic buttons yet, despite suffering a humiliating 3-1 league defeat to Kaizer Chiefs at FNB Stadium on Tuesday. The fact that virtually no teams are safe from relegation, not even 10th-placed Orlando Pirates, has given Letsoaka hope of retaining their PSL status come end of the season. It&rsquo;s getting tougher in the bottom half, considering that fellow-relegation candidates Highlands Park and Baroka FC also failed to collect maximum points on the night. The Lions of the North were thrashed 3-0 by title chasers Cape Town City in Cape Town, while bottom club Baroka lost 2-1 to Chippa United in Port Elizabeth.Stars are third from bottom on 14 points from 16 games, a point ahead of Highlands. Baroka trail them by two points. Said Letsoaka: &ldquo;I would say I take comfort from the fact that other teams are losing too. But we are not going to leave it to other teams to do the job for us, we have to do it for ourselves. &ldquo;When I checked before the game, the team in sixth position had just 20 points, six points more than we had at that stage. &ldquo;That means we need only two victories to catch up with them. We are not pressing the panic button at the moment. &ldquo;You will understand this is our first competitive game after a long break.&rdquo; Letsoaka says his players&rsquo; rustiness cost them maximum points.&ldquo;We didn&rsquo;t have teams against whom we could play competitive friendlies during the break. You are lucky if you get to play against seasoned campaigners. &ldquo;When you get to competitive games you realise the friendlies you played didn&rsquo;t give you much. I can only take the positives from the second half, as there was better organisation from the team compared to the first half.&rdquo;The soft-spoken mentor will need to sort out his leaky defence ahead of their next match against SuperSport United at the James Motlatsi Stadium on 15 February if Stars are to remain in the top fight next season. &ldquo;We played a lot of balls backwards and that was our downfall. I think if we had gone forward a little bit more in the first 15 minutes when we had ball possession, maybe we could have created more scoring chances. &ldquo;The second goal we conceded was also from a ball that was intercepted going backwards to the goalkeeper. We didn&rsquo;t use the ball properly, we were not quick enough going forward. I feel we could have done better.&rdquo;