PREACHER Petros Mdlalose was relaxing in his dining- room with no care in the world! All he was thinking about was the arrival of his congregation so they could attend evening prayers in the area. The next thing, there was a loud bang!Before the preacher knew what was happening, an unexpected guest had landed inside the room where he was sitting and watching TV. The 59-year-old apostle from Church of Christ in J section, KwaMashu, north of Durban, said he was shocked to see a car crash into his house on Wednesday evening. &ldquo;I just saw a ton of bricks hitting my head. For a moment I was in shock. When I asked the driver what happened he told me that the car&rsquo;s brakes had failed. I&rsquo;m just grateful that I was alone when this happened. My wife and children were sitting in the kitchen.&rdquo; Mdlalose said he was injured on his head and so was the driver.&ldquo;My wife had to call for an ambulance and both the driver and I were rushed to the local clinic. The driver&rsquo;s injuries were serious and he had to be transferred to King Edward VIII Hospital.&rdquo; Mdlalose said he learnt from the driver that the car was not his but belonged to Sbusiso Sithole. &ldquo;Sbusiso promised to meet with me to discuss the damages to my house. &ldquo;The congregants ended up holding the prayers at my house,&rdquo; he added.Mdlalose said in order to avoid something like this from happening again he needs to put up bigger guard rails. &ldquo;Not long ago a car lost control but at least it didn&rsquo;t come into the house as it was not speeding. It just landed on my pavement.&rdquo; Resident Bongani Ngcobo (55) said this was not the first car to crash into the house. &ldquo;A car crashed into the house years ago when it still had just two rooms. Bigger guard rails are the only solution.&rdquo; Car owner Sbusiso Sithole said he couldn&rsquo;t talk.Councillor Mondli Zwane said he will make sure that bigger rails are installed. Lieutenant-Colonel Thulani Zwane, KZN police spokesman, said cops are aware of the incident but no case was opened. &ldquo;When the police arrived at the scene, the driver was already in hospital. &ldquo;We appeal to the driver to give a statement once he is discharged.&rdquo;