CHIPPA United coach Dan &ldquo;Dance&rdquo; Malesela is a worried man.The outspoken Chippa mentor is concerned that their crazy long-distance trips by bus from city to city will leave his players fatigued by the end of the month.The players will have to travel 14 hours by road to honour two Absa Premiership fixtures, says the coach, who is tipped for the vacant Orlando Pirates coaching post.The Chilli Boys endured seven hours on the road from Port Elizabeth to East London when they held Mamelodi Sundowns to a 1-1 draw at their alternative home ground of Sisa Dukashe Stadium on Tuesday. This includes the return trip.Now they are scheduled to spend another seven hours on the road tomorrow to honour their league fixture against relegation-haunted Bloemfontein Celtic at the Dr Molemela Stadium on Sunday (3.30pm). Malesela told SunSport that his players had heavy legs after their game against Sundowns &ldquo;and we still had to get back here (PE)&rdquo;. He explains: &ldquo;We now face Celtic and will have to drive another seven to eight hours. We need to be cautious how we approach the game and be smart about our training sessions.&rdquo;Malesela is aware that Celtic won&rsquo;t be a walk in the park, as they are desperate to move away from the relegation zone. &ldquo;This is a tricky fixture for us,&rdquo; he said.&ldquo;We are looking for points and need to satisfy certain people. Celtic are also desperate for points to move away from the bottom half and we should handle them with respect. &ldquo;We can&rsquo;t be complacent after our game against Sundowns. That game is done and dusted, this is a new chapter.&rdquo;Although Chippa are in the top eight, Malesela said they were not safe from the dreaded relegation axe yet. The Chilli Boys have collected 20 points from 16 matches. &ldquo;We are on the right track but our focus is on one game at a time. Our primary objective is to move away from the bottom clubs. We need at least three wins, from there we&rsquo;ll see where we want to finish. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s a process. If we fall behind we will regret it later.&rdquo;