JOINT Absa Premiership leaders Cape Town City expect a backlash from clubs when they begin their second round campaign, which kicks off with a clash against relegation-haunted Highlands Park at the Cape Town Stadium tomorrow (7.30pm).The newly formed City were the surprise package in the first round, finishing joint top of the table with 25 points along with SuperSport United and Bidvest Wits. The club, which was formed last July when businessman John Comitis bought MP Black Aces&rsquo; franchise, renamed it and relocated the club, exceeded all expectations by winning the Telkom Knockout, edging SuperSport last December.Said City head coach Eric Tinkler: &ldquo;I expect a much tougher second round. We were an unknown quantity in the first round, as we had players from Aces mixed with new ones brought in. We took many clubs by surprise. But now they know what to expect from us. &ldquo;The harsh reality of the situation is we are no longer a surprise package and we have to up our game in the second round.&rdquo;Tinkler released Latvian defender Renars Rode and Australian midfielder Matthew Sim before the six-week break for the festive season and Africa Cup of Nations finals in Gabon, which ended last night.Tinkler signed Siyabonga Dubula from National First Division (NFD) neighbours FC Cape Town, who is a direct replacement in central midfield for Sim and is set to make his debut against the struggling Lions of the North.Two other new January signings, former SA Under-20 striker Letsie Koapeng from another NFD outfit Stellenbosch FC, and Mozambique international Edmilson Dove, will also be in the squad.Said Tinkler: &ldquo;Dubula is a talented prospect, while I discovered Koapeng when he was a 15-year-old at Wits Academy and I was in charge there. He is 24 now, has talent and now needs to realise that talent. &ldquo;He is a natural goal-scorer. I decided to sign him after he put up some good performances against us in friendly matches last month.&rdquo;Highlands head coach Gordon Igesund has also been busy in the January transfer window. He is confident he can guide Highlands to safety. They are second from bottom on 13 points.Said Tinkler: &ldquo;I watched Highlands play a couple of friendlies in Cape Town last month, so I have an idea what to expect. They are fighting for their lives and I&rsquo;m expecting a tough battle.&rdquo;.