MAMELODI Sundowns are set to appear before the Premier Soccer League&rsquo;s (PSL&rsquo;s) Disciplinary Committee (DC) on 8 February.They are accused of fielding a suspended player, Thabang Sibanyoni, in their drawn MultiChoice Diski Challenge (MDC) clash with Chippa United on 4 December last year.&ldquo; . . . This is despite the player having accumulated four yellow cards, therefore making him ineligible to take the field by reason of automatic suspension for one match,&rdquo; read part of the PSL statement released yesterday.In the meantime, however, Maritzburg United and Bloemfontein Celtic are breathing down the troubled Brazilians&rsquo; necks, eager to dethrone them at the summit of the MDC standings. Downs will need to win all their remaining games to take the MDC title .If they drop even a point Celtic, who are second in the standings, could catch up to them. Ambitious Maritzburg are also lying in wait in third place, three points behind Sundowns.Maritzburg head coach Maheer Davids is playing his cards close to his chest regarding their ambitions of winning the MDC, but vowed to make life difficult for all the teams they face in their remaining games. He said: &ldquo;It is an achievement for us to be where we are today &ndash; but we are not done. We still have a chance and hopes of winning the title, but we will take each game as it comes.&rdquo;With just three games remaining before the end of the MDC season Downs, who lead the pack with 28 points, could again lose the championship on the very last day, as was the case last season. After a good start, playing nine games without defeat, Sundowns started dropping points at crucial stages in the season. These slumps might end up costing them the MDC title.In their last two games, they lost 2-1 to Maritzburg and last weekend were made to sweat for three points when they edged out Ajax Cape Town 3-2. In their remaining three fixtures, the young Brazilians will face unpredictable teams capable of shocking them, especially as they have already shown some cracks. Sundowns will host Free State Stars at TUT Stadium on Sunday (12pm) and then meet tricky Kaizer Chiefs the following week.