KAIZER Chiefs coach Steve Komphela will not put pressure on his new Venezuelan striker, Gustavo Paez.The 26-year-old looks set to make his debut for Amakhosi on Tuesday when they resume their Absa Premiership schedule against relegation-haunted Free State Stars at FNB Stadium (7.30pm).The outspoken mentor is pleading with the hard-to-please Chiefs fans to give Paez time to adapt to the Chiefs setup. Amakhosi will also have more options in attack with the recovery of striker Camaldine Abraw from a knee injury. Said Komphela: &ldquo;Sometimes when we make acquisitions we put too much pressure on these players. &ldquo;Paez could be one of the solutions at Chiefs but he is not the answer. If we make him the answer and goals are not coming in, then he hasn&rsquo;t solved the problem.&ldquo;I hope he settles in quickly at Chiefs. He has got quality and all the attributes we want from a striker. I assume he will score a lot of goals and I hope it happens quickly. We don&rsquo;t want him to end up freezing. He has been doing well in practice matches and I hope he does even better in competition.&rdquo;He advised Paez to focus on his game instead of worrying about matters off the field.Paez echoed Komphela&rsquo;s sentiments that he was not the remedy to Chiefs&rsquo; scoring problems: &ldquo;I am happy to be here. Chiefs are a big team and I will do my best for them. I want to be an important player here and impress the supporters.&rdquo;Chiefs captain Itumeleng Khune and defender Lorenzo Gordinho were impressed with Paez&rsquo;s work rate and eye for goals. Said Khune: &ldquo;He is very mobile and hungry in front of goal. He has been scoring a lot of goals for us in friendly matches, which is why the club rewarded him with a contract. He will bring a new dimension to the team and help us achieve goals we set at the start of season. &ldquo;I think he will push other strikers to score. We have great players, but we were not pushing one another enough.&rdquo;Said Gordinho: &ldquo;He will fit in well. He is not the biggest but quick and moves well. I think he will add a lot of value for us.&rdquo;