MAMELODI Sundowns coach Pitso &ldquo;Jingles&rdquo; Mosimane has promised their supporters a great Absa Premiership game when they host Chippa United at Loftus Versfeld tomorrow (7.30pm). Chippa and Downs drew 1-1 in their first round match played on Valentine&rsquo;s Day (14 February) and Mosimane wants all three points this time around. He said: &ldquo;Maybe we will get to play football on Tuesday. I hope the pitch is right, I know Dan Malesela (Chippa coach) likes to play football. &ldquo;But tonight, no &ndash; I am sorry about that. It was a boxing bout, a heavyweight fight and that doesn&rsquo;t look good.&rdquo; The Downs coach was referring to their 2-0 victory over Bidvest Wits at Loftus on Saturday, which he said was a &ldquo;scrappy&rdquo; affair. Mosimane emphasised that his charges sometimes had to play ugly football to grind out results instead of being fancy to please fans. He revealed that losing 3-0 to Wits in the MTN8 final in Mbombela last year was an eye-opener and said playing on the continent had taught him that an attractive brand of football didn&rsquo;t always guarantee victories. The African champions have now narrowed the gap between them and pacesetters SuperSport United to three points. They have collected 32 points and have four games in hand. They trail second placed Wits and Kaizer Chiefs by two points. Said Mosimane: &ldquo;I think the game came out as expected. &ldquo;I knew they wouldn&rsquo;t change their game plan. You don&rsquo;t study for Biology when you are going to write Geography. &ldquo;I mean I knew it would be the way it was, not good for you and people at home. &ldquo;It was not a beautiful game, we could not play an expansive game. We learned that from the match against Wits in the MTN top eight.&rdquo; Added Mosimane: &ldquo;The temperament was exactly the same as in the MTN8 final, the tempo and emotions too. But we have experience in this kind of game, it was like a Champions League game. &ldquo;We have been to Kumasi and Accra (Ghana), Alexandria (Egypt), Enyimba (Nigeria) &ndash; there is no football when you go there. They play a different kind of football and you learn to play that kind of game when necessary.&rdquo;