SMILING dignitaries in suits and long dresses welcomed the president into Parliament. But that was the calm before the storm as abuse, insults and objections were screamed. THEN PARLIAMENT DESCENDED INTO CHAOS AS FISTS FLEW AND CLOUDS OF TEARGAS FILLED THE STREET.&nbsp; A punch up involving EFF members and security dressed in white shirts broke out in Parliament ahead of President Jacob Zuma&rsquo;s State of the Nation Address. EFF members were met with teargas, or pepper spray, as they were removed and it was also apparently used in the public gallery of the National Assembly. Cope president Mosiuoa Lekota said: &ldquo;The gentleman before you has broken his oath of office. He&rsquo;s admitted that. He can&rsquo;t be a member of Parliament when he&rsquo;s discharged himself. Ulimenemene, Zuma.&rdquo; Speaker Baleka Mbete, who had her hands full trying to maintain order, said Lekota had not raised a point of order. Lekota then raised his voice and Mbete again interrupted, repeatedly telling various politicians that they were not raising points of order. Cope MP Willie Madisha was then told to leave the House, and Parliament&rsquo;s protection services were called to escort him out. But the insult was not the only one dished out to Number One last night. EFF spokesman Mbuyiseni Ndlozi told Zuma to leave the National Assembly. &ldquo;Please leave, baba. Mr Zuma, please leave. You are a constitutional delinquent,&rdquo; he said. Zuma was meant to have started his speech at 7pm, but nearly an hour of interjections delayed proceedings. As points of order raged inside the assembly, television footage emerged of riot police assembling on the steps of the house. At this point Malema was firing shots at Mbete, labelling her an irrational leader who was even dumped by her comrades as an ANC presidential candidate. &ldquo;That&rsquo;s why your own people dumped you as presidential candidate. You went home to have a ritual (thinking you were a candidate), but they dumped you. &ldquo;Zuma used you and dumped you,&rdquo; Malema charged. Mbete then asked Malema and EFF MPS to peacefully leave the house. &ldquo;We are not going anywhere. The person who must leave is Zuma. He must go and address prisoners in prison, not here,&rdquo; Malema said. And then all hell broke loose as the white shirt brigade pounced on EFF MPs.&nbsp; Fists, helmets and water bottles flew as some parts of the house resembled a WWE ring. The DA&rsquo;s chief whip, Johan Steenhuisen, said: &ldquo;That man has broken the country&rdquo; and immediately afterwards, from the ANC benches, someone screamed, &ldquo;F**k you!&rdquo; and &ldquo;racist&rdquo;. As the house emptied and settled, the president began his address.&nbsp;