ORLANDO Pirates are in dire need of a major overhaul!They urgently need to bring in a coach and while they are at it, sort out their leaky defence too. Veteran coach Augusto Palacios took ill after the Buccaneers suffered their worst defeat in their history, going down 6-0 to Mamelodi Sundowns in an Absa Premiership match at Loftus Versfeld on Saturday. This is the second time Bucs have let in six goals in a league match this season. They were beaten 6-1 in Nelspruit by SuperSport United last November, which prompted head coach Muhsin Ertugral to resign on live television after the game.Palacios was behind closed doors in his dressing-room when the match was stopped eight minutes from time as pandemonium broke out when hundreds of unruly Bucs fans stormed the pitch. The match was only concluded nearly an hour later when order was restored. But Palacios failed to return to the bench and did not attend the post-match press conference.Bucs have not won a league game since November and now things have taken a turn for the worse. It seems Palacios is not healthy enough to continue with the job.He was too distraught to talk and sent his assistant Benson Mhlongo to address the media. Mhlongo said: &ldquo;He (Palacios) is not feeling well, he took the defeat very hard. &ldquo;He was heartbroken &ndash; he loves this team very much and losing 6-0 was just too much for him because he has been here for many years.&rdquo; &ldquo;We can&rsquo;t blame the boys, Sundowns were just too good to beat. We can say sorry with words and we are, but we have to win the next game.&rdquo; When asked how they would bounce back, Mhlongo said Bucs were down but not out. He added: &ldquo;When you are down, the only way is up. All we can do is stand up and move forward. When your house burns down, you have to rebuild it.&rdquo; Mhlongo said this kind of performance by Bucs was unacceptable: &ldquo;Six goals in one game is unacceptable, we just have to say sorry to our supporters. What can we do, we can only react on the field of play. We can&rsquo;t lose to any team like this.&rdquo;Pirates chairman Irvin Khoza will hold a press conference this morning to address the matter.