PLATINUM Stars coach Cavin Johnson believes it&rsquo;s time for South Africa to stamp its authority on continental football in emphatic fashion. Stars and SuperSport United begin their continental campaign this weekend when they take part in the preliminary rounds of the Caf Confederation Cup, while Bidvest Wits feature in the early round of the Caf Champions League. Dikwena host Mozambique&rsquo;s Uniao Desportiva do Songo at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium tomorrow (8pm), while Matsatsantsa a Pitori travel to Madagascar to face Elgeco Plus in the first leg of the Confederation Cup on Sunday. Wits face Saint-Louisienne in the Caf Champions League in Reunion tomorrow. Stars will be hoping to use their home ground to their advantage after their midweek Absa Premiership match against Orlando Pirates ended 0-0.Johnson said reigning African champions, Mamelodi Sundowns, set the precedent which other Mzansi teams should follow. Local teams have been accused of not taking continental competitions seriously, sometimes using fringe players and getting eliminated early.The Brazilians&rsquo; approach changed this mindset after they won the Champions League last year.Said Johnson: &ldquo;You get an opportunity to play in Africa only if you do well in the PSL and we have been doing well. &ldquo;We want to go as far as we can in the competition. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s about time we stamped our authority as South Africans on the continent. Sundowns have set the example &ndash; it shouldn&rsquo;t be about appearing in the competition every five years or so, it should be a regular occurrence.&rdquo;Although Johnson understands that they will be under pressure with the work load of playing in three different competitions, he is confident his players will put up a great performance. Having been able to walk away with a point from their league match against Pirates, the former SuperSport mentor knows Songo will be a different ball game. He said: &ldquo;These are two different opponents with different mentalities. &ldquo;There is also the issue of language, we don&rsquo;t understand Portuguese. But we have to impose our game on them and play according to our own terms.&rdquo;Stars face a hectic schedule domestically and in Africa.&ldquo;There&rsquo;s a game every 48 to 72 hours. The next month will be hard but we will have to play and relax,&rdquo; Johnson added.