HER bed&rsquo;s inside the house, but gogo Sarah Mogwane (78) prefers to sleep under a tree outside.She&rsquo;s vowed not to move back in until a very unwelcome guest leave.A venomous cobra slithered into gogo&rsquo;s shack on Wednesday evening.The gogo from Zone 14 in Ga-Rankuwa, Tshwane told Daily Sun she was sitting on her sofa listening to the radio last Wednesday when she saw something shining on the floor.&ldquo;I thought someone had spilled water and got up to mop it up.&rdquo; But when she looked closely, the snake reared its head and looked her straight in the eye &ndash; ready to strike!&ldquo;I screamed for my daughter. We tried to kill the snake but it disappeared. We spent the rest of the night moving furniture looking for it, but we couldn&rsquo;t find it.&rdquo; The next day it appeared again, but their efforts to kill it failed and it disappeared in the shack again. Gogo Sarah lives with her daughter and great-grandchild. She now sleeps under a tree in her yard during the day and at night she&rsquo;s on guard, waiting for the snake. She and her daughter told Daily Sun they believed the snake was sent by evil people. &ldquo;I know snakes. I used to collect firewood in Limpopo, and that one is a cobra. What surprises me is how it can disappear in such a small shack,&rdquo; said the gogo. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s clear that this is not a normal cobra. We would have killed it the first night it appeared if it had not been sent by evil people.&rdquo; Daughter Sesi Nthane (43) said her granddaughter (3) has been suffering from epileptic fits since the snake showed up.She said after the doctor&rsquo;s medicine didn&rsquo;t help, they took her to a sangoma who told them a reptile was sent by evil people to cause trouble and bring death. The gogo said she now uses a mixture of garlic, methylated spirits and potassium permanganate to try and scare the cobra away. She asked SunReaders for help.Sangoma Sibongile Maluleke said the family needed to consult a strong sangoma to perform a ritual in the yard and chase the evil away.