PREMIERSHIP rookies Highlands Park may be forced to move out of their home ground at Makhulong Stadium due to financial constraints. The Lions of the North, who have brought football to Tembisa, are struggling to keep up with the costs of maintaining the stadium. CEO Sinky Mnisi has revealed that if the local municipality or the Gauteng sports department don&rsquo;t come to their rescue, they would be forced to look for a new home at the end of the season. The veteran administrator said it was costing them an arm and a leg to run the stadium. The Lions of the North&rsquo;s matches attract big crowds at home and the famous township is enjoying the experience of watching Premiership football ekasi again. Their alternative ground is Sinaba Stadium in Daveyton, which is currently undergoing renovations. Mnisi said: &ldquo;We brought business to the township but we are finding it difficult to run the stadium. We don&rsquo;t know where to look for help because the municipality has ignored us. We sent a message to the department of sport to ask them to upgrade the stadium, but our request appears to have fallen on deaf ears. &ldquo;People must not be surprised to see us move out.&rdquo; Speaking to SunSport, Mnisi could barely complete a sentence without stressing the need to move out at Makhulong. He expressed his disappointment with local businessmen and politicians, accusing them of not taking care of their own. He said: &ldquo;I&rsquo;m not joking. Nothing is being done and we are spending a lot of money. We face a big financial burden and just can&rsquo;t keep up. The stadium should be renovated.&ldquo;We appeal to our politicians to forget about their own issues and take care of this club and the stadium.&rdquo; He added that should they decide to move out of Tembisa, the people would be the biggest losers, as they would be deprived of PSL football again. Mnisi said: &ldquo;Take Maritzburg United, for example, they are being assisted by their local municipality. That&rsquo;s not the case here.&rdquo;