KAIZER Chiefs coach Steve Komphela has stressed the importance of running their own race instead of constantly worrying about what defending Absa Premiership champions Mamelodi Sundowns are doing. The fifth-placed Brazilians have five games in hand on Amakhosi, who occupy third spot. Chiefs are a point behind leaders Bidvest Wits on 30 points and Downs are four points behind them.Said Komphela: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s highly competitive and very difficult to win matches in the PSL. It&rsquo;s a reflection of how tight it is at the top.&ldquo;You are dealing with people who have points. You have to play catch-up and the number of matches means there is a big work load on players. &ldquo;Dynamics change, you will get lack of form, suspensions and injuries. Sundowns still have to play five games &ndash; a lot can happen. So it&rsquo;s better to add points when we can and make it difficult for them.&rdquo; Komphela has warned his charges to be cautious when they host relegation-haunted Highlands Park at Moses Mabhida Stadium tomorrow (6pm). The venue has not been a happy hunting ground for Amakhosi, as they have won only one league match there, a 2-0 victory over Ajax Cape Town, drawing the other game 0-0 with Baroka. They also lost on penalties to Free State Stars following a 2-2 stalemate in the Telkom Knockout. Added Komphela: &ldquo;We watched them play recently and it&rsquo;s quite clear what Gordon (Igesund) is doing. Their position in the log table makes this game more difficult &ndash; they are fighting for their lives. They pose a big threat up-front and out wide when they go forward. &ldquo;If you don&rsquo;t deal with that you will have problems. Where they are in the table is not a true reflexion of who they are. They will throw everything at us, but we will be ready.&rdquo; Komphela is not worried that his strikers are firing blanks in front of goal. &ldquo;We are getting goals from all areas, the centre, out wide and from set-pieces. We have scored 23 goals now and the highest scorers are on 26. &ldquo;Our match average is two goals, we have never scored more than four goals in a match. Even though we don&rsquo;t score through strikers, I am happy because we&rsquo;re scoring consistently.&rdquo;