TODAY, Pravin Gordhan presents his plans for Mzansi&rsquo;s next financial year. And in another development, the man broadly tipped to replace him will soon be sworn in as a member of parliament. IN SPITE OF OUTRAGE AND ANGER, BRIAN MOLEFE&rsquo;S MARCH INTO PARLIAMENT HAS BECOME UNSTOPPABLE.&nbsp; Condemnation has come from the Federation of Unions of SA, which said it was dismayed by Molefe&rsquo;s redeployment to parliament. Democratic Alliance MP David Maynier said the fact that Molefe might be sworn in on Budget Day is clearly a premeditated political move against Finance Minister Gordhan.Other organisations which expressed surprise at the move include the ANC in Gauteng.The ANC&rsquo;s chief whip in the Gauteng legislature, Brian Hlongwa, said on Monday the move had caught them by surprise.Late yesterday the actual date for Molefe&rsquo;s swearing in was not clear, but there is no doubt it will happen. Today may be the last time Gordhan presents a national budget.The North West branch of the ANC came out in support of Molefe&rsquo;s nomination.At a media briefing at Hartebees- poort Dam, North West, yesterday, the ward 29 branch leadership would not answer questions about Molefe&rsquo;s position on the list of the ANC submitted to the National Assembly and the provincial legislature. The branch also didn&rsquo;t want to speak about the SA Communist Party&rsquo;s statement angrily accusing the ANC of using them to campaign, but taking unilateral decisions on key issues, including the appointment of Molefe to parliament.Branch chairman Bethuel Mmutle said: &ldquo;We support Molefe as an MP and support the decision by the North West ANC.&rdquo;He showed little concern when asked if the branch was not concerned about the negative impact of the Public Protector&rsquo;s report, which showed that Molefe visited the Guptas several times, leading to coal mining deals between Eskom and the Guptas.Mmutle said: &ldquo;The move allows the opportunity to make available the skills, knowledge and abundance of political wealth Molefe can contribute to socio-economic transformation in our country.&rdquo;The branch dismissed those who say Molefe is unknown in the branch. They produced membership forms for 2011 and 2015 as proof. They did not entertain any discrepancies on the forms, saying membership was valid for two years. Since the announcement of Molefe&rsquo;s appointment to parliament, there have been opposing statements about his membership. ANC Tshwane secretary Paul Mojapelo said Molefe was a member of ward 65 (Irene), in good standing. &ldquo;He still belongs to a ward in Irene. The region knows nothing about a transfer.&rdquo; The SACP in North West accused provincial chairman, Supra Mahumapelo, of not giving alliance partners an opportunity to make contributions. They said they feel used to gain votes for the ANC, which then makes decisions that should be questioned, said SACP provincial chairman, Madoda Sambatha. The provincial spokesman of the ANC, Gerald Modise, did not respond to these allegations.