IF MAMELODI Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane had his way, the Absa Premiership game between his side and Chippa United at Sisa Dukashe Stadium tomorrow (7.30pm) would not go ahead. Mosimane says the league game is messing up his team&rsquo;s preparations for their clash with Democratic Republic of Congo giants TP Mazembe at the weekend. The Brazilians host Mazembe in the Caf Super Cup final at Atteridgeville&rsquo;s Lucas Moripe Stadium on Saturday (3.30pm). The Super Cup is a once-off game between the Champions League winners (Sundowns) and the Caf Confederation Cup winners (Mazembe). The Champions League winners get home ground advantage and get to host the match at their stadium. It&rsquo;s a big game against their bogey team, Mazembe on Saturday and Mosimane does not want excuses should his team fail to lift the trophy. He had expected the league to postpone their game against Chippa. Mosimane said: &ldquo;If I could I would remove the Chippa game. That would be ideal for us. It would have been a nice to play against Mazembe with no excuses of having travelled to East London, the subsequent fatigue and injuries. &ldquo;I will make many changes against Chippa because I&rsquo;m worried by the Mazembe game. Teko Modise, Kennedy Mweene and Thabo Nthethe will have to come to the party. I can&rsquo;t guarantee results but I&rsquo;m forced to make changes. What can I do, this game will not be postponed.&rdquo; After recording his biggest Absa Premiership victory of 6-0 over Orlando Pirates at Loftus Versfeld on the weekend, Mosimane&rsquo;s Downs are gathering momentum in the league. The match will also be remembered for chaotic scenes after Pirates supporters invaded the pitch as they turned on their players. Players and the technical teams of both clubs ran for their lives to take cover in the dressing-room. Play eventually resumed an hour later when police had cleared the pitch using stun grenades. Fans were injured when hundreds of supporters traded blows on the pitch. Mosimane said: &ldquo;My family phoned to check if I was okay. The last time I sprinted like that was against ES Setif in the Champions League in Tunisia. &ldquo;Such scenes are bad for local football &ndash; women and children also attend matches. &ldquo;Credit should go to the boys, they did well and deserved to win the game against a good team. We were much stronger in this game. We had them on the ropes.&rdquo;