MAMELODI Sundowns have a date with destiny when they host DR Congo giants TP Mazembe in tomorrow&rsquo;s Caf Super Cup final at Loftus Versfeld (7pm).Confident Brazilians head coach Pitso Mosimane admitted yesterday that this game was about making history or breaking records. &ldquo;We can&rsquo;t ask for more, we are playing at home and we have to make sure we bring home another cup &ndash; not for Sundowns but for the PSL and South Africa,&rdquo; he said.This annual match is played between the Caf Champions League winners (Downs) and Caf Confederation Cup champions (Mazembe). The Champions League winners get home ground advantage.Said Mosimane: &ldquo;There will be no excuses. We earned the right to play at home. We&rsquo;re ready.&rdquo;He has done his homework on defending cup champions Mazembe. He said he would use his two pocket dynamos, Khama Billiat and Percy Tau, to lead the attack with Anthony Laffor in support.Said Mosimane: &ldquo;Anthony always rises to the occasion in such matches. Khama is quiet these days but I spoke to him. Percy is fearless, runs everywhere and loves to go one-on-one with keepers.&rdquo;Mosimane said Mazembe are an attacking side: &ldquo;They, like us, attack and have some real quality.&rdquo;Downs skipper Hlompho Kekana, who was the rock in central midfield in their Champs League campaign, said playing in the Club World Cup in Japan had boosted the players. &ldquo;This is the final hurdle &ndash; this is one we want. We&rsquo;ve studied Mazembe. Our fans will play a massive role. We want the same atmosphere as when we played Zamalek in the Champs League final at Loftus.&rdquo;Kekana said beating Orlando Pirates 6-0 at Loftus last Saturday was a boost: &ldquo;That win gave us extra confidence and showed us we can score goals at Loftus.&rdquo;Defender Anele Ngcongca who made his comeback in the 1-1 draw with Chippa United in East London on Tuesday after a long layoff with a knee injury, said he was excited to be in the squad: &ldquo;The first five minutes will be crucial. But we showed we can handle pressure.&rdquo;