Pregnancy is an interesting journey, a time of many firsts, ultimately meeting the person you made at the end. But when carrying an extra human, your body changes, feels different and surprises you some times. So it is just natural that you&rsquo;ll look for every piece of information available.Registered dietician Abby Courtenay, from Nutritional Solutions, spoke to SunHealth about the essentials when pregnant.She said although the last part of pregnancy came with the exciting prospect of meeting your baby, it could also be an uncomfortable time for mum. &ldquo;Breathing becomes challenging, you are always running to the bathroom and it is nearly impossible to bend down and pick up anything. This is all because this is the period where your baby grows most rapidly,&rdquo; she said.Focus should be on quality over quantity.&ldquo;A mum requires five vital nutrients in the last stretch of her pregnancy. These are vitamin C, calcium, magnesium, omega 3 fatty acids and choline,&rdquo; she said. - Vitamin C supports the fast growth of your baby&rsquo;s cells, ensures that your immune system is functioning optimally and helps your body absorb iron. Tip: Try-for-five. Eat a variety of colourful fresh fruits and vegetables focusing on those rich in vitamin C such as red and green peppers, oranges, kiwifruit, broccoli, Brussels sprouts and grapefruit. - Calcium ensures that your bone mineral density is optimal and helps the normal growth and development of your baby&rsquo;s bones, teeth, muscles and nerves. It is also important for muscle contractions, blood clotting and regulation of blood pressure. Tip: Add low fat dairy products (low fat yoghurt, milk and cheese) on a daily basis. Other sources are beans and sardines. - Magnesium is important for bone health mineral. In addition it helps your body use protein and energy, regulate blood sugar and blood pressure levels and assists with muscle and nerve function. Tip: Eat magnesium rich foods like nuts, seeds, legumes, high fibre wholegrain cereals, and dark green leafy vegetables daily. - Omega 3 fatty acids are known as essential nutrients (the body cannot make them so their intake must be through your diet). Find it in oily fish. They are very important as they appear to be involved in the development of your baby&rsquo;s brain, central nervous system and eyes. Tip: Aim to eat at least two portions of oily fish like pilchards per week.