GOGO Alice Mokoena, who runs a small day care in Diepkloof, Soweto, said children learn to love one another more when they spend more time together. &ldquo;What I have noticed is that the children who spend a lot of time together with other children learn to love and support each other more than the lonely ones who hardly mingle with others.&rdquo;SunWellbeing spoke to gogo Alice, who has been with young children, from birth to their teens, at her daycare centre, following an online study by YouGov which surveyed almost 5 000 teens, aged 13 to 18 years, in 11 countries, including Mzansi.The study found that an average of 18% of teens across the countries had been cyber bullied. In Mzansi, the number was higher at 24% with 84% saying they know someone who has been bullied online.Experts say while traditional classes in maths, science, and languages help develop future entrepreneurs and innovators &ndash; there seems to be a large gap in the curriculum for lessons in empathy. Empathy is the awareness of the feelings and emotions of other people. It goes a little further than sympathy as you try to experience what the other person is feeling.While many think empathy is built into people, or learned from the actions of a child&rsquo;s caregivers, it is actually a skill &ndash; and one that needs constant practice.Alice agreed. She said when kids play and one gets hurt, you will see them pick each other up and sometimes even cry together.&ldquo;That is empathy and it is learnt. You cannot hope that your child will just develop it without spending time with others.&rdquo;Research from the University of Michigan showed that empathy levels have dropped by 40% in America just in the last 30 years. Some people believe the rise in bullying matches the drop in kids&rsquo; empathy.So it&rsquo;s no wonder that the idea of teaching empathy to school children is a growing trend worldwide.In Denmark, a country that has consistently been voted the happiest country in the world , empathy is considered as important as teaching maths and literature. One of their lessons, which starts in their first year and continues until graduation at age 16, is called &ldquo;klassen tid&rdquo; or the class&rsquo; time. Once a week, pupils get together to discuss a problem they may be having. If there are no problems to be discussed, then they simply come together to relax and be cosy together. They also take turns baking cakes for the occasion.