THE NEW Orlando Pirates head coach, who will be named next Monday, will have a tough job to halt the slump the team finds itself in.A player who spoke on condition of anonymity revealed to SunSport yesterday that players were arguing among themselves at training following their 6-0 thrashing by Mamelodi Sundowns at Loftus Versfeld on Saturday that ended in a riot and turned the stadium into a war zone, with a number of fans injured after a pitch invasion.Said the player: &ldquo;There is unhappiness about certain players not playing because of so-called injuries and others are unhappy because they have been left out of the starting lineup.&rdquo;Bucs chairman Irvin Khoza said yesterday that he would be meeting with the players today to sort out what had gone wrong inside the camp.Said the chairman: &ldquo;I want to deal with some of the issues. There could be issues both inside and outside to deal with. It&rsquo;s unacceptable that a club like Pirates lose 6-0 and 6-1 in the same season. I met with the players on 3 February and spoke to them individually. But this time we need to get to the bottom of what is going on.&rdquo;Former coach Muhsin Ertugral quit after the side crumbled 6-1 to SuperSport United in Nelspruit last November. Head of the club&rsquo;s youth development, Augusto Palacios, was named as interim coach.Khoza also met with Palacios and his technical team yesterday. The Bucs chairman announced that a new coach would be in place next Monday. Palacios took ill during the pitch invasion at Loftus and did not attend the post-match press conference.However, the Bucs boss stated that Palacios would remain in charge for tomorrow&rsquo;s Absa Premiership clash with title-chasing Bidvest Wits at Orlando Stadium and Saturday&rsquo;s clash with high flying Cape Town City at the Cape Town Stadium.Said Khoza: &ldquo;I think Palacios died a little on Saturday. I tried to get a new coach in place by January. But the coach we wanted had an expensive buy-out clause and would only be free in May. Now I will have a different coach in place and will reveal him on Monday.&rdquo;Many believe former Bafana Bafana and Pirates legend Benni McCarthy would be the ideal person to take over, but Khoza said: &ldquo;I have not spoken to Benni. He did a fantastic job as a Pirates player. He could be considered if he meets the coaching criteria.&rdquo;Khoza warned the fans to behave and that the club would not tolerate violence inside the stadiums.&ldquo;Violence is not a solution to problems and has to be stamped out,&rdquo; he said.