IT NEVER rains but it pours for Orlando Pirates! The new year has brought nothing but misery for the 1996 Caf Super Cup champions, who have lately been looking like they were shipwrecked by tropical cyclone Dineo. The list of incidents that have affected Pirates since last weekend grows by the day:They suffered a humiliating 6-0 league defeat to African champions Mamelodi Sundowns.Their fans resorted to violence by invading the Loftus Versfeld pitch in frustration following the defeat. They have now gone seven league matches without a win following a 2-1 defeat to Bidvest Wits midweek.Bucs goalkeeper Jackson Mabokgwane was given a red card for handling the ball outside his 18-yard box. He joins their MultiChoice Diski Challenge keeper, Tsebo Tsotetsi, who was also suspended for a similar offence during their 2-0 defeat to Golden Arrows at the weekend.Mabokgwane&rsquo;s suspension means they are now left with only Siyabonga Mpontshane as qualified goalkeeper due to Brighton Mhlongo being out injured.Defender Happy Jele was hailed as Pirates&rsquo; hero after scoring a goal and rescuing the situation by taking over the No 1 jersey when Mabokgwane was shown the red card by referee Victor Hlungwani.The incident happened after Palacios had made all his substitutions.Palacios will be in charge of his last match tomorrow when Bucs meet high-riding Cape Town City at the Cape Town Stadium. A new mentor takes over the hot seat on Monday.The Peruvian-born coach said he would be handing over an improved side to the new man, who will have to hit the ground running to remedy the current situation. &ldquo;The negative is that we allowed Gabadinho Mhango to score two goals,&rdquo; said Palacios. &ldquo;But the positive aspect is the character of the players, who tried to reverse the score when we had only 10 men. We had agreed at training to put in 200% effort for our supporters. &ldquo;We don&rsquo;t want the new coach to come in and be under pressure.&rdquo; Palacios said injuries sustained by key players was a cause for concern: &ldquo;I made changes because we had injuries to Mpho Makola, Gift Motupa, Brighton Mhlongo, Thabo Rakhale and Thabo Qalinge. You need to put the pieces together to win the game and that&rsquo;s why I also brought in Dove Wome. But we didn&rsquo;t have any luck.&rdquo;Jele said their meeting with chairman Irvin Khoza on Tuesday had inspired them to turn the corner: &ldquo;What happened in the previous game is not acceptable. Losing to Sundowns was not good for us. The chairman told us that these things happen in football and we need to lift our heads. &ldquo;We have confidence now and will go out there to play for our fans. I think we have shown a lot of commitment and discipline.&rdquo;