CERTAIN parts of Pretoria came to a standstill today during an anti-immigrant march.About 136 people were arrested in Pretoria West over the past 24 hours, including during the march this morning, acting national police commissioner Lieutenant General Kgomotso Phahlane said. However, Phahlane said the situation in Pretoria was "under control". "Although people from Mamelodi marched peacefully, a group from Atteridgeville threw stones and bricks. Confrontation with non-South Africans ensued,&rdquo; he told reporters.The police said they would update the figure of the arrested individuals tomorrow.&nbsp; President Jacob Zuma said the march in Pretoria was evidence that citizens were fed up with crime.Zuma was speaking after the launch of Operation Phakisa, which is aimed at boosting various sectors of the South African economy.He said the march included foreign nationals, was well organised, and was not xenophobic."We do have a big problem. This time around this has been provoked by crime."He said the media should be careful about labelling the protests as xenophobic and that political leaders should also be cautious with their messages.Police and people marching against immigrants were locked in a tense stand-off in the Pretoria CBD, with stun grenades being fired near the Department of Home Affairs building.The march against immigrants was led by a group calling itself the Mamelodi Concerned Residents.They handed over a memorandum to the Department of Home Affairs, which strongly criticised how they perceived foreign nationals to be conducting themselves in SA.The memorandum, with a "Concern community for service delivery in Mamelodi" stamp, said government should not allow African immigrants in the area to operate businesses freely and without regulation.They also criticised authorities for "failing" to clamp down on those without the proper licences and papers."We are driven into slavery, both black and white South Africans," they stated.A police helicopter hovered overhead and public order police officers weaved through the large crowd.At one point, the group tried to push past the police. Many in the crowd carried sticks, rods and other items.One man told a News24 reporter: "The foreigners have real guns. They are selling drugs and prostitution, and the municipality is helping them. They must leave."Some foreign nationals faced the group, shouting at them.Foreign nationals involved in a tense stand-off with marchers said South Africa was their home."This is my country. We can't go," Olayinka Ogunjimi told News24, standing with some of his countrymen."Why are they fighting us? Are we white?" He asked what would happen to them if they were forced to leave.&nbsp;http://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/wrap-pretoria-brought-to-a-standstill-during-anti-immigrant-march-20170224