TWO SOUTH African football teams have made Mzansi proud by progressing to the first round of their respective continental competitions at the weekend. League contenders Bidvest Wits beat Saint-Louisienne 3-1 on Saturday to proceed to the next round of the Caf Champions League 4-3 on aggregate. They will now face Egyptian giants Al Ahly over two legs next month, with the first leg played at Al-Salam Stadium in Cairo, Egypt. Platinum Stars easily made it past Uniao Desportiva do Songo 2-0 on aggregate on Saturday to advance to the first round of the Caf Confederation Cup. Dikwena will travel to Uganda for their first leg match against Vipers early next month. African Champions League champions Mamelodi Sundowns will also be drafted into the first round and will open their account next month.Wits coach Gavin Hunt, said he was not thinking about their match against eight-time African champions Al Ahly just yet. He is more focused on catching up on the Clever Boys&rsquo; backlog of Absa Premiership fixtures. Wits have only played 15 games, three fewer than leaders Kaizer Chiefs, who are only two points ahead of the Milpark side. About their big showdown with Al Ahly, Hunt said: &ldquo;We will worry about it when we get there. It&rsquo;s a big stage for us. &ldquo;I have been there with SuperSport United before. I know what it is all about. I am sure it will be good.&rdquo;Hunt was disappointed with his charges&rsquo; performance, however, saying they had a better first leg match away at the Reunion Islands. Although Hunt takes things one game at a time, finishing second is never good enough for the ambitious coach. The Students have come close to winning the league three seasons in a row.Said Hunt: &ldquo;The squad is better this year. It&rsquo;s much stronger but that doesn&rsquo;t mean we have won anything yet. We haven&rsquo;t done anything, it&rsquo;s a process.&rdquo;Wits will resume their Absa Premiership campaign on Wednesday when they host relegation threatened Baroka FC. The Limpopo based side is rooted to the bottom of the table and will likely return to the National First Division next season.