KABELO Nkoane (30) from Jericho Village, outside Brits in the North West is an equine inspector. This means he is the health inspector for animals such as horses, zebras, donkeys and mules. However, Kabelo only deals with horses and donkeys. He told Daily Sun he runs a mobile clinic and travels through Mpumalanga, Gauteng, Free State, North West, Northern Cape and Limpopo. &ldquo;I teach people about horse behaviour and veterinary care. I teach them how to care for sick and injured animals.&rdquo; Kabelo said his love for animals started at a young age in Legonyane Village, Jericho where he used to ride donkeys. &ldquo;I also loved watching the Vodacom Durban July horse race which we knew then as the Rothmans Durban July. &ldquo;I would watch the race on TV and that is when I developed a passion for horses. &ldquo;My favourite horse back then when I was 11 years old was named North West.&rdquo;Kabelo said when he was in high school, a major outbreak of livestock plague hit his village and many animals died.&ldquo;It was heart-breaking because no one knew anything about vets. &ldquo;That is when I decided to study Equine Science at the Tshwane University of Technology.&rdquo; During his first year, Kabelo&rsquo;s brother bought two horses that they used for transport and leisure. &ldquo;I would ride them whenever I went to fetch the cows in the veld,&rdquo; said Kabelo.After graduating, Kabelo worked at the SPCA before joining the Thoroughbred Breeders&rsquo; Association.&ldquo;That is how I learnt about breeding race horses.&rdquo; When he is not lecturing at the University of the North West, Kabelo works for the Highveld Horse Unit in Meyerton as an inspector. &ldquo;We do basic veterinary care and give medical attention to horses and donkeys from the community.&rdquo;Kabelo said the most common horse illness is colic.&ldquo;It can be caused by bloating, eating the wrong feed, inflammation of the intestine and fear.&ldquo;All these factors lead to abdominal pain.&rdquo;