THERE is still a long way to go but SuperSport United are looking good in the Absa Premiership title race. There are plenty of games still to be played but coach Stuart Baxter&rsquo;s men have been tipped to go all the way by the bookmakers. Veteran defender Morgan Gould, who won three Premier League titles with the club, agrees that the Tshwane giants could go all the way and capture their fourth league title. Since his return to the club after a frustrating spell at Soweto giants Kaizer Chiefs, Gould seems to have found a new lease of life. He is enjoying his football again and is giving Baxter a big selection headache by doing well at the heart of the defence. The 33-year-old defender was among the goals in their 5-2 hiding of Golden Arrows at Lucas Moripe Stadium in Pretoria in their first game of the year. Matsatsantsa a Pitori visit struggling Free State Stars next in the league at the James Motlatsi Stadium tonight (7.30pm). SuperSport are third in the table with 28 points from 15 games. Gould said: &ldquo;I&rsquo;m enjoying my football again. I&rsquo;m confident and determined to help the team end the campaign as champions. There&rsquo;s a long way to go, we won&rsquo;t get ahead of ourselves, but the idea is to win the majority of our upcoming games. &ldquo;Mamelodi Sundowns have a lot of games in hand and are picking up points.&rdquo; Gould faces stiff competition for a place from youngster Denwin Farmer (20), but his experience has been vital for Baxter&rsquo;s charges. He said: &ldquo;Competition is healthy. We push one another in training and give the coach a good headache. &ldquo;Farmer is learning a lot from me, as I have been tested and have seen a lot, playing at the highest level. We are getting better with each game under Baxter.&rdquo; Matsatsantsa last won the league in 2010 and Gould was part of the squad. Bidvest Wits, Cape Town City, Kaizer Chiefs and Mamelodi Sundowns are all in the running for the Premiership title, but Gould is banking on Baxter, who has won two league titles with Chiefs, to help the Tshwane giants end their title drought. Gould said they would go for broke against Ea Lla Koto, who are 14th with 14 points: &ldquo;We are going for the three points. We have to keep winning games.&rdquo;