KAIZER Chiefs coach Steve Komphela is concerned about his charges&rsquo; lack of consistency and passion as they challenge for the Absa Premiership title.Amakhosi may have resumed their league campaign on a high note with an incredible 3-1 win over struggling Free State Stars at FNB Stadium on Tuesday, but Komphela was not satisfied with their performance.The Soweto giants seem to have regained their appetite for goals, having scored eight times in three games.Said Komphela: &ldquo;We didn&rsquo;t have the same intensity we had in the previous two matches (a 3-2 victory over Polokwane City and a 2-0 win against Golden Arrows). If we had the same intensity, energy and excitement we showed against Arrows we could have added two or three more goals. &ldquo;There were two chances we could have taken in the first half and we didn&rsquo;t do that. We should have gone into half-time leading 4-0, at least. Edmore Chirambadare also rushed to take a shot just before the referee blew his whistle for the break, he should have remained composed.&rdquo; The former Bafana Bafana captain lashed out at his defence for conceding a soft goal.&ldquo;I thought we conceded a soft goal, we shouldn&rsquo;t have committed a foul there (on the edge of the box), as there was no need. &ldquo;When Rooi Mahamutsa kicked the ball they jumped when they should have kept their feet on the grass. &ldquo;The positive thing is that we scored three beautiful goals, but we could have done better.&rdquo;Komphela says he has demanded that his charges deliver excitement in their next league clash away to Maritzburg United at Harry Gwala Stadium on Saturday (8.15pm). &ldquo;We need to apply the psychology to say we demand more, as we didn&rsquo;t give all that&rsquo;s contained in us. The minute we say it&rsquo;s okay, we are sending the wrong message. &ldquo;Did we play with passion? Here and there. Did we show a lot of excitement? Here and there. We demand excitement in the next match and results will come. We&rsquo;ll take it one game at a time.&rdquo; &rdquo; Komphela was happy with the commitment showed by Venezuelan striker Gustavo Paez when he made his debut in the second half.&ldquo;I was pleased with Paez. You could see he is someone with the attributes of a good striker and with time he will get there (score goals).&rdquo;