EPHRAIM &ldquo;Shakes&rdquo; Mashaba may be the temporary answer to Orlando Pirates&rsquo; poor performance. According to SunSport insiders, Pirates chairman Irvin Khoza had met with the coach. This was after a failed attempt to secure Luc Eymael, who was recently released from his contract with Polokwane City, which expires at the end of the season.&nbsp; Chippa United coach Dan Malesela is also allegedly in the running for the job. Mashaba was sacked by the South African Football Association (Safa) in December for berating his superiors via the media following Bafana Bafana&rsquo;s 2-1 win over Senegal in the 2018 World Cup qualifiers. He is still tied up over this matter in a court battle with Safa for unfair dismissal.If appointed, the outspoken mentor will take over from caretaker coach Augusto Palacios, who has struggled to restore Bucs&rsquo; pride since the departure of Muhsin Ertugral in November.&nbsp; Palacios had guided the sleeping Soweto giants for the last time yesterday, when they met Cape Town City in an Absa Premiership match played in the Mother City.&nbsp; Ironically, Ertugral stepped down after a humiliating 6-1 Pirates defeat to SuperSport United in the league clash, while Palacios witnessed his side&rsquo;s 6-0 drubbing by champions Mamelodi Sundowns a fortnight ago. This prompted frustrated Bucs fans to resort to violence. According to the insider, Mashaba will arrive with goalkeeper coach Lucky Shiburi, who worked with him in the national team. Said the insider: &ldquo;The chairman had a meeting with Mashaba on Thursday. Whoever is appointed will step down to allow Eymael to take over before the start of the new season.&rdquo; Mashaba was appointed as Bafana coach for his second spel in July 2014. He had his first stint with the national side in 2002. But he was sacked in 2004 on the eve of Africa Cup of Nations after being suspended. The outspoken mentor also coached Swaziland national side where he was appointed in 2008.&nbsp; Mashaba has also been in charge at club level where he guided the now defunct Vaal Reef Stars and National First Division side Black Leopards while they were still campaigning in the PSL.&nbsp; Meanwhile, Safa announced that Benni McCarthy would be among the former players and coaches searching for a job as the new Bafana coach. The former Bafana and Pirates striker, together with Lucas Radebe and Farouk Khan, will make their recommendation to the national executive committee and technical committee.&nbsp; The new man is to be announced at the end of the month.&nbsp;