BIDVEST Wits head coach Gavin Hunt will not allow the upheaval caused by the Baroka FC coaching merry-go-round to affect his game plan for their Absa Premiership showdown with the Limpopo strugglers at Milpark Stadium tonight (7.30pm). The Clever Boys will overtake Kaizer Chiefs at the top of the table if they win tonight. Chiefs head the standings with 33 points from 18 matches and Wits are third with 31 points, but have three matches in hand.Recently appointed Bakgaga coach Jacob Sakala and his technical team were suspended at the weekend and initially demoted Kgoloko Thobejane was reinstated on Sunday.Sakala and his assistants, Mark Harrison and Edward Williams, were suspended after they refused to sign a mandate letter ordering them to win their next four league matches.Said Hunt: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s worrying in a way but it has nothing to do with us. &ldquo;However, the bottom line is that Baroka are no pushovers and we will have to be on our A-game against them, no matter who is coaching them. They are a good side despite being bottom of the table.&ldquo;There is little separating teams this season so we have to be on our toes and collect the three points.&rdquo;Hunt stressed that he was not worried about Thobejane&rsquo;s brag of beating the title-chasing Clever Boys 4-0.Added the mentor: &ldquo;Coaches say things but I&rsquo;m focused on my plans and players. Such talk does not distract me. I&rsquo;ve been in the game too long for that.&rdquo;Hunt said he was happy that games were coming thick and fast. Next up is a mouth-watering clash with PSL and African champions Mamelodi Sundowns at Loftus Versfeld on Saturday.Said Hunt: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s the old saying &ndash; one game at a time. My full focus is on Baroka. Sundowns are the best team in the country but I&rsquo;m worrying about Baroka who are next, not Sundowns. What I&rsquo;m pleased about is we have no midweek game next week and that will give us a breather.&rdquo;Hunt is also happy his two star strikers, James Keene and Phakamani Mahlambi, are getting back to their best. Both scored in the Clever Boys&rsquo; 5-0 thumping of Ajax Cape Town on 7 February.Said Hunt: &ldquo;I need to manage both players carefully as they have been out for a long time. They are getting fitter and stronger with every game.&rdquo;