THERE seems to be light at the end of the tunnel for Kaizer Chiefs. They have gone six matches unbeaten and have the bragging rights after winning five matches on the trot.But coach Steve &ldquo;Koloi&rdquo; Komphela reckons there is no need to get carried away.They shot to the top of the Absa Premiership table with 33 points from 18 matches when they beat Highlands Park 1-0 at Durban&rsquo;s Moses Mabhida Stadium on Saturday.&ldquo;There&rsquo;s no denying we are happy with the results,&rdquo; said Komphela. &ldquo;I still feel we should have won the game by more than a single goal. Tsepo Masilela missed the opportunity to give us a two-goal lead heading into the half-time break.&ldquo;But it doesn&rsquo;t matter now, we got the three points. We will keep pushing. &ldquo;We know all the teams will be targeting us. But it is important for us to take it one game a time and never lose focus.&rdquo; Before their victory over the Lions of the North, Amakhosi had beaten Maritzburg United (2-1), Free State Stars (3-1), Golden Arrows (2-0) and Polokwane City (3-2).Their good run started with a 0-0 draw with Bloemfontein Celtic in mid-December last year.Komphela had been using the same starting lineup but on Saturday he changed things up a bit. Lucky Baloyi replaced George Maluleke, Tsepo Masilela took Sibusiso Khumalo&rsquo;s place and Daniel Cardoso covered for Eric Mathoho. The coach explained: &ldquo;No one wants to change a winning formula but at times you are forced to make changes. &ldquo;George had a late check-up the day before the match and doctors found out that he was suffering from a calf injury. Sbu had a tight hamstring. Mathoho was suspended after accumulating four yellow cards.&rdquo;Man of the Match Ramahlwa Mphahlele said the good run of form was welcome: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s a good feeling, winning games. Highlands gave us a tough run and I&rsquo;m glad we won. We know what is expected from us in the coming matches.&rdquo;A first-half goal by Lorenzo Gordinho handed Amakhosi victory. Gordinho also received his fourth yellow card, which rules him out of their next match against Ajax Cape Town on Saturday. But Mathoho will available to take his place at the back.