LUC Eymael has been touted as the new Orlando Pirates coach.SunSport has reliably learnt that the Polokwane City coach will be unveiled by Bucs chairman Irvin Khoza on Monday. The Belgian is expected to take over from interim mentor Augusto Palacios, who has been under severe pressure since Bucs&rsquo; humiliating 6-0 league defeat to Mamelodi Sundowns at the weekend. Palacios will be in the hot seat again tonight (7.30pm) when Bucs host Absa Premiership title-chasers Bidvest Wits at Orlando Stadium.According to a source close to the club, Khoza has been working around the clock to get Eymael released from his contract with City, which expires at the end of the season.&ldquo;Unfortunately, the candidate identified for the head coach position is contracted to another team. We cannot therefore reveal any information at this stage. We had hoped that at the end of January he would be available, but there is a buy-out clause until the end of May,&rdquo; explained Khoza during a media briefing on Monday.However, when contacted yesterday Eymael did not deny nor confirm the speculation.He said: &ldquo;I am not informed, nobody has spoken or contacted me from Pirates or any big team in South Africa. &ldquo;I cannot talk about something that has not yet happened. I know rumours are there but like I said, I am not aware of it.&rdquo;Eymael has a great relationship with Khoza as he was brought to the country in September 2013 to replace Roger de Sa following Bucs&rsquo; slump after they lost the Caf Champions League final. But the deal failed to materialise and Eymael, who had stayed at a Joburg hotel for two months, moved to Rwanda where he was appointed head coach of Rayon Sports in January 2014.Eymael added: &ldquo;That was in the past. The present is that I am with Polokwane City now and perhaps the future will be my achievements.&rdquo; Eymael has done a tremendous job to turn City from relegation candidates into top four contenders. They currently occupy sixth spot in the Premiership table with 23 points from 17 matches.&ldquo;My CV is there &ndash; yes, it&rsquo;s a good one. I have been successful in many countries, including Kenya and Tunisia. I try to do my job well. I came to South Africa because I had a target. If I could succeed in other countries, why not here?&rdquo;Security is expected to be tight at Orlando Stadium tonight, as Khoza has vowed to avoid a reoccurrence of the disgraceful scenes last weekend, when Bucs fans went on the rampage towards the end of their clash with Downs at Loftus Versfeld on Saturday.