HIGHLANDS Park coach Gordon Igesund says their 1-1 Absa Premiership draw with Polokwane City at the Makhulong Stadium on Sunday was in actual fact a defeat. The Lions of the North have been struggling to maintain leads in their matches, often ending up taking a point or sometimes even losing the match in the dying minutes. Although Igesund didn&rsquo;t want to comment on referee Shane Chuma&rsquo;s performance in their clash with City, he often showed his frustration during the match. Said Igesund: &ldquo;I will let you make your own judgment on that, I am not going to talk about that. I think they had 46 free kicks and we had three. The referee said five minutes and we played six and a half minutes of extra time.&rdquo;Rise and Shine equalised in the 96th minute through Sipho Jembula.Added Igesund: &ldquo;He was going to blow the whistle and end the game, the ball went for a corner and he didn&rsquo;t blow. &ldquo;This is frustrating. I am sure he saw something, he&rsquo;s the referee, but it&rsquo;s tough and disappointing for the players to lose like we did. For us it feels like it&rsquo;s a loss,&rdquo; he added. However, the former Bafana Bafana mentor was happy with his players&rsquo; performance. He reckons his defence has improved despite a lack of experienced at the back. Igesund believes they could have scored more goals and should have won the game, but luck was not on their side.Said the coach: &ldquo;It was a great improvement, defensively. Hopefully I will have Lindokuhle Mbatha, Thanduyise Khuboni and a few other players back for our match against Kaizer Chiefs at the FNB Stadium on Saturday.&rdquo;Highlands have a tough start to the second round. They lost 3-0 away to joint leaders Cape Town City, then came the draw with sixth placed City and Chiefs still lie ahead. And to end the month they host joint leaders SuperSport United at home on 25 February.&ldquo;It&rsquo;s a good test for us but it&rsquo;s a tough period too,&rdquo; Igesund added.Highlands seem likely to lose their Absa Premiership status, having only won two games out of 17 fixtures, with eight ending in draws. However, Igesund believes they are still in with a chance of staying in the elite league.