A YOUNG woman has explained why she has spoken out publicly about being HIV-positive.Mzansi activist Saidy Brown from the North West tweeted on Friday: When I found out at 14 that I was HIV positive, I didn't think I would live to see 18,I am turning 22 this year. ?? pic.twitter.com/drZDVCorPK&mdash; Saidy Brown (@saidy_brown) February 24, 2017Thousands of people around the world have since retweeted her message of hope and applauded her courage.Speaking to the BBC, Saidy explained why she decided to go public about her status."I like sparking conversations about HIV. I don't believe in treating it like it's an unspoken subject. I want us to talk about it, because once we talk about it more, then we can de-stigmatise it."There are people who are naysayers, but I don't even reply. I just leave them."When I was younger, I was so scared of how people would perceive me."But now I've grown and people's opinions really don't phase me. I think emotionally I've become stronger. When I get these comments and everything, they don't really break me."But the response and the support is there because whether it's me or someone else, the reality is that people are living with HIV, whether we talk about it or not."She recounts her shock at learning her status when she volunteered to be tested at school when she was 14."I was shocked, I was in denial, I couldn't believe it. I was only 14 at the time so I was like: 'How? I'm only 14... I haven't done anything. How?&rdquo; she told the BBC."But when I got home and told my aunt and she was the one who told me that no, I'd actually been born with it. My parents had died from Aids-related diseases, which I had never known.&rdquo;Her dad died when she was 9 and her mum a year later.About her own love life, Saidy told the BBC: "I'm in a relationship currently. It's very amazing because usually I disclose right at the beginning of the relationship."So once the person decides that they want to stay with me then it's all good, but if they decide to leave, it's still fine."I won't hate them because people still have their own issues regarding HIV. I don't really blame the person who says: 'No I can't stay with you because you're HIV-positive'.&rdquo;I try to use my story to give hope to others, and as for the stigma? I slay it!? https://t.co/ausXaY5f2B&mdash; Saidy Brown (@saidy_brown) February 24, 2017