IT IS time for players to dust off their boots and get into Absa Premiership action after a six-week lay-off due to the festive season and Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon. SuperSport United will be looking to continue where they left off last year and extend their stay on top of the Premiership table.But Matsatsantsa a Pitori will yet again battle the same injury challenges they were up against at the beginning of the season. Although SuperSport are glad to have Tefu Mashamaite back from injury, they have a list of other players who will not take to the field when they host the tricky Golden Arrows at the Lucas Moripe Stadium tomorrow (7.30pm).Onismor Bhasera was recently in a car accident, Jeremy Brockie is out with an elbow injury and Clayton Daniels is serving a suspension. New signing Mandla Masango will be hoping to hit to the ground running and make his SuperSport debut, joining some former Kaizer Chiefs teammates.Said Stuart Baxter: &ldquo;We have had a challenge with injuries and illness, I think it&rsquo;s to the players&rsquo; credit that we could get the results we got. &ldquo;And it has continued, we have had some strange injuries. Mario (Booysen) has been ill, Bash has been in a car accident and Bradley (Grobler) has had a recurrence of his injury.&rdquo;But Baxter believes they can manage, as they faced similar trials in the first half of the season. &ldquo;So you have got all of those players not available for the Golden Arrows game and yet it feels like we are still in decent shape, because we have been doing it all season. Arrows are one of those who can beat anyone in the league &ndash; on their day, they play good football. Only a good performance is going to get points for us,&rdquo; he said. The Scottish mentor said he would have to rotate his players as they would also be travelling to Madagascar for the preliminary round of the Caf Confederation Cup, where they are up against Elgeco Plus on Sunday.He said: &ldquo;Mandla is obviously not included in the squad in Madagascar. Maybe we will get a couple of those injured players back. Thuso (Phala) is going to get more playing time, he&rsquo;ll be ready. We have to rotate where we can. We don&rsquo;t have a massive squad, especially with these injuries that keep cropping up. We are constantly five men short.&rdquo;