ROGER de Sa didn&rsquo;t have the start he would have loved at his new job as Maritzburg United&rsquo;s head coach. He took up the vacant post at the Team of Choice in January after leaving Ajax Cape Town in October last year. So far he has managed only a single point in his two matches as United coach. His first match he drew 1-1 away to Polokwane City and his second was a 2-1 home defeat to Kaizer Chiefs. The former Orlando Pirates mentor will have time to work on changing the club&rsquo;s fortunes in his next match. They face SuperSport United next in Tshwane and the match is seven days away. This gives him enough time to work on his players since they are not playing this weekend. He said the break would give him time to work on any problem areas in his team. &ldquo;This break is good for us. It gives us an opportunity to fix the problems we have faced in the last matches. &ldquo;We have a chance to get unfit players fit. It&rsquo;s all about hard work and trying to get the players sharper,&rdquo; said De Sa. He said he realised that when they get back to action they would not have time to rest, as games would be coming thick and fast. &ldquo;Our next two matches are back-to-back and after that we will be playing weekend ones. &ldquo;I hope that by the time we get to the weekend ones we will have got our rhythm,&rdquo; added the coach. The SuperSport United match next Wednesday is an away game for De Sa&rsquo;s team, but they will be at home against Free State Stars in their upcoming fixture next Sunday. This season the Team of Choice have proved to be good travelers, collecting the majority of their points on the road. At home, however, it is a different story. They have 20 points so far and 12 of those were collected away. The other eight came from home matches. De Sa said he hoped they would be able to change all that in their next home match. &ldquo;Our next home game against Free State Stars will probably the most telling one. Let&rsquo;s see how we do. Maybe we can start turning things around going forward.&rdquo;