BAROKA FC CEO Morgan Mammila is optimistic that his latest recruit, Thabang Sesing, will add value to Bakgaga in their battle to avoid relegation. Mammila made a last-minute dash to the PSL offices on Tuesday to register the Botswana international midfielder before the midnight transfer window deadline. At one stage the deal almost fell through due to a mixup with Sesing&rsquo;s International Transfer Certificate (ITC), so Mammila breathed a huge sigh of relief when they finally secured his services from Botswana Premier League side Orapa United. Said the delighted CEO: &ldquo;I am happy Thabang is finally our player. The chairman (Khurishi Mphahlele) had phoned me to say &lsquo;Morgan, please man, try your level best to register the boy&rsquo;. &ldquo;I finally got his ITC and now it&rsquo;s up to Sesing to prove he deserves to play in South Africa.&rdquo;Mammila reckons Sesing&rsquo;s silky skills and eye for goals will be key to help them retain their Absa Premiership status come end of season. Sesing scored 13 goals for Orapa last season.Added Mammila: &ldquo;He is a skilful player who is good when going forward.&rdquo; Meanwhile, Platinum Stars stabilised their defence with the acquisition of Namibian born Willem Mwedihanga from Natonal First Division (NFD) side University of Pretoria. Golden Arrows secured the services of strikers Chiukepo Msowoya, formerly with Orlando Pirates, and Knox Mutizwa from Zimbabwean side Highlanders on loan until the end of season. Mutizwa was loaned out to Bidvest Wits before the start of season, but failed to impress coach Gavin Hunt. Soweto giants Pirates also beefed up their attack with the signing of midfielder Dove Wome on loan from SuperSport United. The Togolese&rsquo;s scoring ability will ease the pressure on Bucs&rsquo; leading scorer Tendai Ndoro. Hopefully the 25-year-old will reproduce the form that saw him become joint top goal-scorer with Jeremy Brockie in 2014-15 season with 10 goals.SuperSport CEO Stan Matthews said: &ldquo;Dove is a great player and was key in our league campaign and Telkom Knockout win two years ago. &ldquo;It hurts when you know a player is high quality and will add value to one of your key rivals. But this is business and we cannot have a player of Dove&rsquo;s quality sitting on the bench.&rdquo;Kaizer Chiefs also beat the deadline to sign signed Venezuelan striker Gustavo Paez on a two-and-a-half year deal. In the NFD, AmaTuks signed striker Ryan Chapman from Santos to help them gain promotion, while defender Jermaine Christian joined Mbombela United from Highlands Park.