THE DAY of love is approaching . . . and it&rsquo;s a wonderful time to celebrate love, intimacy, relationships and happiness with your partner. But if you&rsquo;re single, it can be a fluffy, sweet, sticky, pink cloud slapped across your face!Don&rsquo;t despair though . . . there are people who are in the business of helping others create lasting memories with or without a romantic partner.The Radisson Blu Sandton team got the following tips for a sassy singleton. Be stylish and singleIf you&rsquo;re spending Valentine&rsquo;s Day alone, make sure you have access to all the things you love. Grab your favourite movie, food, games or crafts, and just take the time to be yourself. Embrace your independence. Be happy with yourself! Make it fun! Start by spending the day enjoying your own company, surrounded by what you love. Buy something newTreat yourself! You know you deserve it. That new watch you were looking at or new dress you drooled over? Celebrate a bit of self-love. It&rsquo;ll boost your confidence if you look great and show off by getting friends together with good food and lots of wine.Remind the people you care aboutValentine&rsquo;s Day isn&rsquo;t just about being in a relationship, it&rsquo;s about celebrating ALL the people you love &ndash; even your pets! Call up your loved ones and say hi, just to let them know you care. Buy a special toy for your dog, or give the cat a scoop of tuna. Organise a group outingDon&rsquo;t be fooled by people telling you Valentine&rsquo;s Day is just for couples! The Radisson Blu Hotel in Sandton is running its very own singles&rsquo; party &ndash; because nights out are better spent together!Ideas for couplesWith Jozi boasting many nightlife options, it is easy to do something romantic without travelling far. Get a room with a luxurious bathtub and delicious breakfast the next morning. This could be just what you need to relax, unwind and indulge &ndash; but make sure you book early.Push it back if neededWith Valentine&rsquo;s Day being a Tuesday, why not postpone your big plans for a weekend or two away? Then you can avoid the stuffed restaurants and overbooked hotels. Celebrate what you loveAlthough Valentine&rsquo;s has become known for expensive gifts, you don&rsquo;t have to follow social trends. Write an old-school letter in longhand, make your own card or even compose a song or a poem. It doesn&rsquo;t have to drain your account.