RELEGATION-HAUNTED Free State Stars are a closed book to Kaizer Chiefs.Amakhosi are in the dark on what to expect when they meet Ea Lla Koto at the FNB Stadium tonight (7.30pm) as the Absa Premiership resumes after a six-week break. Stars will be playing their first official match under new coach Serame Letsoaka, who replaced Italian Giovanni Solinas after his contract was terminated early last month. Chiefs&rsquo; attacking midfielder, Pule Ekstein, says they are not sure what to expect from the Bethlehem based side, but are ready to continue where they left off in the first round.After a bad start Amakhosi gave a more convincing performance towards the end of the first round, accumulating seven points in their last three fixtures. All eyes will definitely be on their new Venezuelan signing Gustavo Paez. Amakhosi fans are hoping Paez will emulate his compatriot, Jose Torrealba, who terrorised goalkeepers while playing for Mamelodi Sundowns. Said Ekstein: &ldquo;The fact that Stars are in the relegation zone makes things tough for us, because they are desperate for points. But we will bring our A-game to make things difficult for them too. We want to win this game at all costs to make sure that we top the table afterwards, as we are only one point behind the log leaders.&rdquo;He added: &ldquo;We were not happy to go on recess, as we were doing well. We had it in our minds that the break might affect our momentum. &ldquo;We hope to remain consistent because if we don&rsquo;t it could affect our chances of meeting our target, which is to win the league title or Nedbank Cup.&rdquo;Chiefs have not lost a league match to Stars since the 2010-11 season.Ekstein wants to work on his consistency as he has not been a regular in the first round. &ldquo;I was working hard prior to getting injured against Stars in a cup game, but I will double my efforts to make sure I regain my form. I believe the arrival of Paez will help us achieve our goal.&ldquo;Paez is a good striker. I think he will give us what we want. The management brought him in because they saw that he was a good player. He will be an asset to the team.&rdquo;