NEW GOLDEN Arrows defender Nkosinathi Mthiyane is set to make his debut for the Durban outfit when they take on Absa Premiership leaders SuperSport United at Lucas Moripe Stadium in Tshwane tonight (7.30pm). Mthiyane joined Abafana Bes&rsquo;thende on loan from Orlando Pirates in the January transfer window. His loan deal will see him wear green and yellow until the end of the current season. The left-back will also be making his Absa Premiership debut for the season after sustaining an injury early this campaign that kept him from kicking a ball at Pirates.He joined the Buccaneers from Chippa United at the beginning of the season but was unable to play a single match for Pirates. His debut has been confirmed by his new head coach, Clinton Larsen, who says his first choice fullback, Lehlohonolo Nonyane, is still recovering from the injury he sustained last year.&ldquo;Nonyane is suffering from a groin muscle injury that has kept him out for a long time. He has started light training but is not match ready yet,&rdquo; said the coach.&ldquo;Mthiyane, on the other hand, is ready to play and will be in our starting lineup tomorrow night (tonight),&rdquo; added Larsen, who was voted coach of the month for August and September on Monday.Apart from Nonyane, he said everyone would be available for tonight&rsquo;s match. Defender Musa Bilankulu said the players were ready for the clash and hoped to come back with maximum points. &ldquo;It won&rsquo;t be easy but we are ready for the battle. Last time we played them we were at home and we drew 1-1. We created a number of chances to win the match but we did not use them. &ldquo;This time things will be different,&rdquo; said Bilankulu.The lanky defender said their new signings, Chuikepo Msowoya, Mthiyane and Knox Mutizwa, would be a good assets for the team. &ldquo;So far they have been doing well in training sessions and practice matches. They are adding something different to what we had in the first round. &ldquo;I hope they will be able to take their good form at training into competitive matches because we will need it.&rdquo;