A man and woman facing charges of skinning 34 donkeys alive two weeks ago near Sani Pass, sat smiling and chuckling together at the Himesville Magistrate&rsquo;s Court on Monday.Lesotho nationals Morena Dlomo and Mati Makatsu were arrested on charges of animal cruelty on January 26 at Sani Pass near the Lesotho border after they were allegedly caught red-handed by the Ezemvelo KwaZulu-Natal Wildlife, skinning donkeys alive.Dlomo and Makatsu were two of seven people allegedly found at the site where 18 donkeys had been skinned, but were allegedly the only two caught skinning the donkeys. Seventeen more donkeys were found later, near the first site, but one survived.It is thought the donkey skins are used in Chinese medicine as they believe the gelatine in the skin relieves insomnia, has anti-aging properties and improves blood circulation.The 34 donkeys that were skinned alive and died were part of a group of 204 donkeys, but the remainder 169 live donkeys &nbsp;had disappeared by the time officials went back to the site the next day to rescue them.However, another dramatic rescue by the Sani Pass SPCA and EKZNW of 35 more donkeys, including four pregnant mares, near the Lesotho border on Saturday, saw four more people being arrested. Just hours later one of the mares gave birth to a foal at the Sani Pass SPCA in the early hours of Sunday morning. The other mares are expected to deliver soon. Dlomo and Makatsu on Monday applied for bail. Judgment is expected to be delivered on Tuesday. The State has opposed their bail on the grounds that they are considered to be a flight risk. Dlomo and Makatsu&rsquo;s attorneys argued that the pair should be granted bail on a number of reasons, including that the two ran a business in South Africa selling sheep and goats and their prolonged incarceration would &ldquo;prejudice&rdquo; their financial situation. The court also heard that the State witness, investigating officer, Himeville&rsquo;s Sergeant Emmanuel Gumede, had not verified the legitimacy of Makatsu and Dlomo&rsquo;s passports and had not verified whether they had work permits or family living in South Africa. Dlomo&rsquo;s attorney, E.B. Zaca, said the two accused had been in police custody for 10 days. Zaca said it would not be in the interests of justice to keep the two in custody. The case was adjourned for the bail judgment due to time constraints on Monday.&nbsp;SOURCE:&nbsp;News24