THE Premier Soccer League (PSL) is back in full swing after a six-week break due to the Africa Nations Cup, staged in Gabon and ending today. The teams in the top flight had been active in the transfer market that closed on 31 January. This was in preparation to challenge for the title, finish the season in the top eight or avoid relegation.Kaizer Chiefs defender Lorenzo Gordinho said his side would tread with care in its first Absa Premiership gameat FNB Stadium on Tuesday (7.30pm). On the day, Amakhosi will host Ea Lla Koto, which is teetering on the brink of relegation.Chiefs &ndash; fourth on the log table &ndash; will want to add to its 24 points in the game against the third from the bottom Free State Stars, sitting on 14 points.And having recently signed Venezuelan striker Gustavo P&aacute;ez, the side aims to mount a serious challenge. In second spot, Bidvest Wits will resume their schedule with a date against much-improved Ajax Cape Town at Milpark&rsquo;s Bidvest Stadium on the same day.The newly-formed Cape Town City is expected to continue its fairy-tale run when facing the struggling Highlands Park at Cape Town Stadium.On the other hand, Chippa United will face bottom club Baroka FC, which raided the transfer market in a bid to avoid the drop. Said Gordinho: &ldquo;We realised they have a new coach (Serame Letsoaka) and their approach will change. &ldquo;We have to impose ourselves on them because we are Chiefs. We are ready to start on a positive note.&rdquo;But a concerned Gordinho said the six-week break might disrupt the momentum that had resulted in Chiefs winning its last two games last year. They beat Golden Arrows 2-0 and Polokwane City 3-2.&ldquo;All the teams are struggling because the break is very long,&rdquo; Gordinho told the People&rsquo;s Paper. &ldquo;But we want to continue where we left off.&rdquo; The 22-year-old credited coach Steve Komphela for his improved performance, which had resulted in Gordinho becoming a regular selection at the heart of Chiefs&rsquo; defence.THE FIXTURES TuesdayKaizer Chiefs v FS Stars (FNB)Bidvest Wits v Ajax Cape Town (Bidvest) Cape Town City v Highlands Park (Cape Town) Chippa United v Baroka (Nelson Mandela Bay)WednesdaySuperSport United v Golden Arrows (Lucas Moripe) Platinum Stars v Orlando Pirates (Royal Bafokeng) (Bloem Celtic v Mamelodi Sundowns (Dr. Molemela)Polokwane City v Maritzburg United (Old Peter Mokaba), All games start at 7.30pm.