SUDDENLY the cop shop was swarming with armed thugs shouting orders.&nbsp; The helpless cops had no choice but to take orders and do as they were told.&nbsp; WHILE THEY LAY ON THE FLOOR, THE BAD GUYS HELPED THEMSELVES TO POLICE WEAPONS.&nbsp; According to a source at Olievenhoutbosch Police Station near Centurion, Gauteng, 10 officers were on duty when about 16 thugs struck. &ldquo;They had getaway cars outside the station. When they were finished, they drove off in different directions,&rdquo; said the source.Since the police station was robbed last Tuesday, cops have allegedly been on high alert &ndash; but that didn&rsquo;t stop thugs running wild in a tavern on Saturday, no more than a kilometre from the cop shop.The thugs stormed Mlambo Tavern and ordered customers to lie down.&ldquo;They started shooting randomly and many people were shot,&rdquo; said a witness. Residents claim that about eight of the people who were shot have since died, but police said only four people have died.Community members caught two people on Sunday whom they suspect of the tavern massacre. They stoned one of the men to death and another was admitted to hospital. They also took two firearms found in a bucket of mealie-meal in the house of one of the men.Andrew Dube (39), whose brother, Charles Makhubela (36) was shot and killed in the tavern, said the thugs did not ask for anything.&ldquo;They just started shooting randomly, injuring and killing people.Andrew said the shooting left five dead and four injured.Brigadier Mathapelo Peters of the Gauteng police confirmed that two suspects linked to the killing of five people had been arrested. She said police also found the body of a man next to the road in Olievenhoutbosch Extension 26 after responding to a complaint of mob justice.&ldquo;The deceased had multiple injuries. He has since been confirmed as the third suspect wanted in connection with the shooting. Police are investigating cases of attempted murder and business robberies.&rdquo;Gauteng provincial police spokesman Captain Kay Makhubela distanced himself from the allegations. &ldquo;No robbery was reported to us. Those are just allegations,&rdquo; he said.