CHIPPA United head Coach, Daniel &lsquo;Dance&rsquo; Malesela has urged his charges to make the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium their fortress ahead of the 2017 opener against Baroka FC on Tuesday, 07 February 2017.Kick-off for the game is at 19h30.Malesela was addressing a press conference where assistant coach, Zipho Dlangalala and four new players, Sello &lsquo;Sgebengu&rsquo; Jafta (22), Donald &lsquo;Moloko&rsquo; Mokondelala (25), Yurigg Conwood (19) &nbsp;and Justice &lsquo;Sorry&rsquo; Chabalala (21) were officially unveiled. &ldquo;We must make this stadium our fortress again. One of the reasons we did so well last season was because the visiting teams found it difficult to take points away from us here and this season we have only lost two games at this stadium. Teams should not come here and leave with points,&rdquo; insisted Malesela. Malesela said the preparations ahead of the Baroka game are going well, &ldquo;I am pleased with the preparations, and we will be ready on Tuesday. We have welcomed several of &nbsp;our players back from injuries and this is good for us. &ldquo;We are not thinking of the relegation. Our effort is to climb up the log, and in order for us to achieve that we must take it one game at a time. The focus now is Baroka FC,&rdquo; he said.&ldquo;I would like to welcome coach, Zipho Dlangalala to the Club. There are people that join a football club to work and there are people that join to make a contribution. He is here to contribute. The more heads the better, as you are aware we are still grooming Mbuyiselo Sambo. I have worked with Coach Zipho before and knowing his work ethic I approached him when I heard he was available. I started talking to the Chairman, (Siviwe Mpengesi) and I am glad he is with us today,&rdquo; On the new signings Malesela said; &ldquo;They are going to help us to fill the void left by the three players, (James Okwuosa, Marc Van Heerden and Thembinkosi Lorch). It is just a matter of deciding on which combinations work best. On centre back pairing I am delighted Bongani (Kama) is back from injury. &ldquo;We have &lsquo;Slaughter&rsquo; (Xolani Mdaki) and now Justice (Chabalala) including the Yurigg (Conwood) promoted from our MDC Team we will find what is best combination with couple of sessions to go before the restart of the season,&rdquo; added Malesela.Dlangalala said he did not think twice when he was approached to join the ChilliBoys, &ldquo;I am delighted to join Chippa United Football Club. I did not think twice about coming here and for me it was just a matter of administration something that was taken care off quickly.&ldquo;People have already spoken glowingly about the football club and the style of play and I am here to work with my team to enhance the work that has already started here. We have to put value to the work that we doing and there is no better way than putting the ball in the back of the net,&rdquo; said Zipho Dlangalala who joined the team following a short stint from Orlando Pirates. Tickets for the game against Baroka FC are already on sale at Ticket Pro outlets nationwide selling for R40 adults and R12 for children under the age of 12.&nbsp;