JUJU warned the ruling party very clearly.&nbsp; There will be long term consequences for the beating we got in parliament, he said.&nbsp; THE EFF WILL NOT FORGET HAVING THEIR PRIVATE PARTS PULLED.Speaking for the first time after they were kicked out of parliament during the State of Nation Address on Thursday, an angry Malema pulled no punches.&nbsp; &ldquo;The lady who was beating us up is an ANC activist hired to come and kill members of the EFF and the opposition,&rdquo; Malema said referring to the woman with teased hair who was throwing punches and klaps as EFF MPs were dragged out of parliament. &ldquo;She was hired to beat us to death. Her colleagues had to stop her.&rdquo;&nbsp; The big haired woman is believed to be a member of the police, but acting police commissioner Khomotso Phahlane denied this on TV, despite a picture of her in uniform turning up on social media.&nbsp; Malema claimed when they were removed by security, pregnant women and sick members of parliament were beaten up and dragged out. He said some parliamentary security members, now known as &ldquo;white shirts&rdquo;, are ANC branch members and claimed to have identified two of them. Malema said they have asked Ipid to investigate the white shirts, some of whom they also believe were members of the SAPS. Malema still claimed the white shirts were trying to inject them with what he called &ldquo;slow poison&rdquo; and said EFF members will go for blood tests. He said the ANC&rsquo;s days were numbered. &ldquo;The ANC is going to lose Gauteng. Their inability to discipline Zuma is eating into their votes. And why would we vote for ball grabbers?&rdquo; He said the ANC must be aware of this when it comes to coalition politics in 2019. He said the president must be faithful to the republic and obey the constitution. &ldquo;The president breached these, therefore he&rsquo;s no longer qualified to be called the president of South Africa.&rdquo; He added that the EFF is taking Speaker Baleka Mbete to court to force parliament to discipline President Jacob Zuma for failing to uphold the Constitution.&nbsp;