A TEARFUL Bertha Molifi wants justice for the death of her mentally ill sister.&nbsp; She heard yesterday of the conditions under which her sister died, and she can find no room in her heart for forgiveness.&nbsp; THE PEOPLE RESPONSIBLE SHOULD GO TO PRISON FOR WHAT THEY DID, BERTHA SAID.&nbsp; &ldquo;Mahlangu, Selebano and Manamela should pay for what they did and go to jail,&rdquo; said Bertha Molifi, whose sister Sophia Moshe died last year. She said the report released by health ombudsman Malegapuru Mak-goba did not give comprehensive details of how the patients died. Makgoba&rsquo;s report, based on the investigation instituted by Health Minister Aaron Motsoaledi, was released yesterday at a media conference held at the Medical Research Council&rsquo;s offices in Tshwane. At least 94 mentally ill patients died last year after they were transferred to various NGOs when the health department terminated its contract with Life Healthcare. According to Makgoba, what was even worse was that when Gauteng health MEC Qedani Mahlangu announced on 13 September that 36 mentally ill patients had died, 77 had in fact already lost their lives. Makgoba said all 27 NGOs to which patients were transferred operated under invalid licences. All the patients who died at those NGOs died in unlawful circumstances.&nbsp; Most were moved without the knowledge of their families and transported far from home to overcrowded places without care and in inappropriate vehicles, often open bakkies. Makgoba said the NGOs had inadequate facilities and were also financially inadequate.&nbsp; &ldquo;They had no safety and security or proper heating during winter and patients were left without food and water. &ldquo;Some died of dehydration,&rdquo; he said. Only one patient died as a result of mental illness. &ldquo;More families are still coming to report abnormal deaths,&rdquo; he said. The former MEC, Qedani Mahlangu, head of department Dr Tiego Selebano and director Dr Makgabo Manamela of the health department in Gauteng, Makgoba said, &ldquo;had their fingerprints peppered throughout the project&rdquo; of transferring the patients to the NGOs. He said all the surviving patients would be sent to various hospitals and registered NGOs. He recommended that disciplinary suspension be instituted against Selebano and Manamela for gross misconduct and that they be reported to their professional bodies. When asked, the health minister said he was not embarrassed, but rather distressed and angry. &ldquo;Something like this could have been prevented.&rdquo; Motsoaledi said the three officials named had 30 days to appeal against the ombudsman&rsquo;s recommendations. After the reading of the report, Gauteng&rsquo;s Premier David Makhura said he had received Mahlangu&rsquo;s resignation as health MEC and as a member of the Gauteng Provincial Legislature.&nbsp; &ldquo;I have accepted her resignation,&rdquo; the premier said. He said she understood that if something went profoundly wrong in her area of responsibility, she had to take responsibility. Dr Gwen Ramakgopa has been appointed as the new MEC for health in Gauteng. Mahlangu might be gone as the province&rsquo;s MEC for health, but if opposition parties have their way she will not be forgotten.&nbsp; SECTION27 spokeswoman Nomatter Ndebele said the people must see justice being done.&nbsp; &ldquo;We will keep on giving support to the families that lost their relieves,&rdquo; she said. Jack Bloom, DA shadow health MEC for Gauteng, said the party would lay criminal charges against Mahlangu. The Gauteng provincial ANC welcomed &ldquo;the decisive actions&rdquo; announced by Makhura.&nbsp;