BAROKA FC are a team in deep crisis! Trouble seem to follow the Limpopo outfit wherever they go and indications are that things could take a turn for the worse soon. They are on the verge of being relegated after one season in the PSL, as they are languishing at the bottom of the table with a paltry 13 points from 18 matches.The club restored Kgoloko Thobejane to the head coaching post just last week after suspending Jacob Sakala, who will appear before the club&rsquo;s disciplinary committee on 6 March.Inconsistency in the technical team, which ends up bringing about poor results like their 5-0 loss to Bidvest Wits at Milpark Stadium on Wednesday, could be causing confusion among the players. But wait, there is more!Baroka bosses plan another major shakeup to the club&rsquo;s technical bench. CEO Morgan Mammila himself has announced that another revamp is on the cards in March. Thobejane does not look like he is back on a permanent basis, according to Mammila. The CEO said: &ldquo;We will issue a statement after the DC.&rdquo; He said they were targeting 18 points from their remaining 12 matches to survive relegation. Baroka host on-form Cape Town City at the Peter Mokaba Stadium on Sunday (3.30pm) and will have to win at all costs. Mammila said: &ldquo;I know where we will get points. I&rsquo;m not worried.&rdquo; Meanwhile, coach Thobejane, who said at the start of the season that he would win the league title, conceded that his dream would not materialise, as they don&rsquo;t have enough points left to play for to be able to catch up.He admitted he does not feel safe as coach any more: &ldquo;My job is not safe. But it&rsquo;s up to management to stop me.&rdquo; But he made it clear that he did not mind the see-saw nature of his career at the club. He said: &ldquo;I will do whatever management wants me to do &ndash; even be a ballboy. I&rsquo;m always available.&rdquo; Despite losing 5-0 to Wits, Thobejane believes they will bounce back in style against City: &ldquo;There are no tough games for me.&rdquo;