BAROKA FC&rsquo;s new technical director Mark Harrison believes the struggling Limpopo club can avoid relegation.Harrison, along with new head coach, Zambian born Jacob Sakala, have been tasked with rescuing the struggling Bakgaga, who are currently propping up the Absa Premiership.Harrison is no stranger to a relegation fight, having been thrown in at the deep end with MP Black Aces and Chippa United.Said Harrison: &ldquo;Baroka are different. We still have 15 matches to play for. I did not have that luxury at either Aces or Chippa. I believe we can avoid the drop.&rdquo;Harrison, who won the Botswana Premier League with Township Rollers last season, said the challenge of working in the PSL again was too good an opportunity to pass up.He explained: &ldquo;I had success in Botswana with Rollers. But the PSL is the biggest and richest league in Africa and that&rsquo;s where I want to work.&rdquo;However, Harrison stressed he would not be interfering in Sakala&rsquo;s duties: &ldquo;Jacob will be in charge of coaching the players, picking the side and running the team. I am there to advise and help him in any way I can.&rdquo;Harrison and Sakala will have to rebuild the players&rsquo; confidence: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s obvious, when a team is at the bottom the confidence is low. All it takes is a couple of wins and we&rsquo;ll be back in business.&rdquo;Baroka are bottom of the league with 12 points. Leaders SuperSport United have 25.Said Harrison: &ldquo;There is not much in it. I reckon 30 points will see us safe.&rdquo;Harrison said one area where Baroka needed to improve was winning home matches, which is why they will play their home games at the Giyani Stadium in future.He said: &ldquo;We&rsquo;ve been naive in that we are too nice to opponents on the field. We need to develop a meaner streak. We need to be able to hold on when we are winning and keep our shape and determination when we are playing for a point. &ldquo;We did not win a single game at home in the first round and we have to improve that record in Giyani.&rdquo;Harrison said he had been impressed by what he had seen at training and hoped that new recruits such as former Orlando Pirates and Bloemfontein Celtic striker Helder Pelembe and midfielder Jose Garcia, who was signed from fellow strugglers Highlands Park, would add experience.Bakgaga open their second round account in the Premiership away to Chippa United on 7 February.