LONG-TIME injury concerns, defenders Tefu &ldquo;Masha&rdquo; Mashamaite and Keegan Ritchie, are set to finally make their SuperSport United debuts against Golden Arrows at home on 7 February when their Absa Premiership campaign resumes.Ritchie joined Matsatsantsa a Pitori at the start of the season while Masha joined from Swedish side BK Hacken at the end of August. Both suffered serious injuries and have not kicked a ball in competition for United.More good news for head coach Stuart Baxter is the return of ace striker Bradley Grobler, who missed the last part of the first round with an injury.Said Baxter: &ldquo;Hopefully all three will be ready by the time we play Arrows.&rdquo;The coach also disclosed that other long-time injury worries, Thuso Phala, Grant Kekana and Fagrie Lakay, were back at training.Said the Matsatsantsa mentor: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s good news that they are back training but I doubt any will be fit for the Arrows game.&rdquo;Baxter said he was happy that 2014-15 PSL Player of the Season Mashamaite was back and played in the 2-1 win over Mbombela United in the Mbombela Spectacular Cup contested at the Mbombela Stadium last weekend.Matsatsantsa, who are joint leaders in the Premiership with Bidvest Wits and Cape Town City, went on to win the tournament when they beat the Clever Boys 2-0 in the final.Said Baxter: &ldquo;I gave Masha a run against Mbombela United and used the tournament to rotate the squad. I will have to employ my rotation system with the Caf Confederation Cup, the league and the defence of the Nedbank Cup on the horizon.&ldquo;It&rsquo;s going to be a tough five months and we will need depth, so it&rsquo;s important we get all the injured players fit again.&rdquo;Baxter said the tournament in Mbombela gave him an idea how to rotate his side efficiently in the coming five months.And he stressed he would not be going on a &ldquo;crazy&rdquo; buying spree in the last week of the transfer window.Said Baxter: &ldquo;It will be tough with three major competitions. However, I&rsquo;m more than happy with the effort and commitment from the squad. In any case, we don&rsquo;t have the budget to buy players. There are players we are looking at, but I will have to sell to bring them on board and I don't see that happening. I&rsquo;m confident we have enough quality. &ldquo;We go to Madagascar (to play ASSM Elgeco Plus) in the first leg of the Confed Cup preliminary round after the Arrows game (11-12 February). My goal is to do well in Africa, defend the Nedbank Cup and challenge for the league. It&rsquo;s going to be a roller coaster five months. But we are up for the challenge.&rdquo;