NEW Orlando Pirates coach Kjell Jonevret has called for patience and tolerance from supporters following their 1-1 draw with Polokwane City at Orlando Stadium on Saturday.The draw means Bucs remain winless in the league in 10 matches &ndash; still seeking their first win of 2017.Jonevret said he wanted to win: &ldquo;But I need more time to turn our fortunes around &ndash; it will just take time. &ldquo;We will get better but fans must be patient. Oupa Manyisa (captain) is off-form and looks tired, but works hard. &ldquo;A few players are not playing to the best of their potential. But we will work on those issues. It will take us a few weeks to get back on our feet.&rdquo; The 54-year-old Swedish-born coach made his official debut on the bench for the Soweto giants against Polokwane City, where they came from behind via Dove Wome&rsquo;s 56th-minute equaliser, cancelling out Rodney Ramagalela&rsquo;s 53rd-minute strike. Jonevret wants to win the hearts of desperate Bucs fans by getting the Buccaneers their first league win since November last year.But the ex-Viking FK and Djurgardens IF coach admitted a lot still needed to be done at Pirates.His main challenge &ndash; a moment for him to shine in Parktown &ndash; is on Saturday when they visit Kaizer Chiefs for a Soweto derby at FNB Stadium. Defeat or another draw for Jonevret will put him under pressure, like Muhsin Ertugral and Augusto Palacios before him.Jonevret said he had yet to identify his preferred starting lineup after just one week in charge. &ldquo;I gave the players a pep talk in my first week, and we had good sessions,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;Our defence was much better and gave little away, but we got tired towards the end of the game.&rdquo;City coach Luc Eymael said the draw got them closer to their top eight mandate: &ldquo;I&rsquo;m a hard worker, coach, assistant coach, fitness trainer and physio &ndash; a one-man show. This is what I am at this club because of limited resources. &ldquo;But I will get this team to their first top eight!&rdquo;