MAMELODI Sundowns will resume their mission to defend their Absa Premiership title today when they meet relegation-haunted Bloemfontein Celtic at Dr Molemela Stadium (7.30pm). Downs captain Hlompho Kekana told SunSport that the long break was a good remedy ahead of another hectic schedule for them, similar to last year&rsquo;s run. Downs, who are six games behind other teams in the league due to postponements as a result of their participation in the Caf Champions League last year, are expected to play eight games in 24 days.The Brazilians will host Soweto giants Orlando Pirates in another league clash at Loftus on Saturday, then face Chippa United at Sisa Dukashe next Tuesday before tackling Confederation Cup champions TP Mazembe in the Africa Super Cup at Lucas Moripe Stadium four days later. Explained Kekana: &ldquo;Another hectic schedule is just what we wanted. Last year we also played without a break and we are used to it now. We want to compete with the best in the world and to achieve that we need to make sacrifices.&rdquo; The Tshwane outfit are in seventh position in the league table on 19 points, six points behind pacesetters SuperSport United. Celtic are 12th with 15 points from 14 games and not safe from the relegation axe.Explained Kekana: &ldquo;We have recharged our batteries and are ready for the rest of the season. We know Celtic are in danger and will show them respect, but won&rsquo;t forget to execute our game plan. &ldquo;We are aware that their attacks are threatening and if we stop certain moves, we can overcome them.&rdquo; Kekana revealed that their training camp in Tanzania recently had prepared them to conquer the continent again.Downs played to a goalless draw with Dar es Salaam based outfit Azam. &ldquo;Our trip to Tanzania was not only to prepare for the Celtic game, but for the many trips we will take when we play in the Champions League. We&rsquo;re doing our best to gain more experience in Africa. &ldquo;We had a few challenges last year and we want to be familiar with the setup before we return.&rdquo;Sundowns&rsquo; defence will need to keep a close eye on Celtic midfielder Musa Nyatama, while the Brazilians will rely on the scoring prowess of Zimbabwean striker Khama Billiat to push Celtic deeper into the relegation zone.