KAIZER Chiefs head coach Steve Komphela appears to have finally found a winning combination. The Glamour Boys have now won four consecutive Absa Premiership matches using the same starting XI after beating resilient Maritzburg United 2-1 at Harry Gwala Stadium on Saturday.Amakhosi are now unbeaten in five matches and have collected 14 points in the process. Komphela said he had no reason to change his lineup. &ldquo;If it&rsquo;s not broken why fix it? With consistency comes success. Any team that is winning comes from a position of playing players consistently. The fact we don&rsquo;t have injuries or suspensions is another reason we can keep using the same winning team.&rdquo;The consistency has helped Chiefs climb up the table. After the win against the Team of Choice they ended the weekend in second place, just a point behind leaders Cape Town City. Komphela said the current run was good for the team going forward, but he didn&rsquo;t want his players to start losing concentration by looking at what other teams were doing, especially those above them in the standings. &ldquo;We are in our own race and we are trying to win all the matches that come our way. We don&rsquo;t look at what other teams are doing because we will start neglecting our own responsibilities.&rdquo;Second-half goals from Willard Katsande and Siphiwe Tshabalala were enough to see Chiefs complete the double over United this season. The former Free State Stars and Maritzburg United coach was impressed by both his goal-scorers, who were also on the scoresheet last Tuesday when they beat Ea Lla Koto 3-1. &ldquo;Whatever Tshabalala is eating these days he must have had an overdose, because he has hit another level. It&rsquo;s nice to see experienced players taking responsibility and leading from the front. &ldquo;The level of focus is another thing that is nice to see, not only from Tshabalala and Katsande, but all the players,&rdquo; added Komphela. The coach will be without Eric Mathoho in his next match against Highlands Park at Moses Mabhida Stadium in Durban on Saturday. Mathoho will be serving his one-match ban after receiving his fourth yellow card against the Team of Choice. Despite United again dropping points at home, head coach Roger de Sa thinks it&rsquo;s not a big issue. United have now only collected eight out of a possible 27 points at home. De Sa said: &ldquo;I haven&rsquo;t really looked at it that much but I don&rsquo;t think it is such a big issue. It is something that we must address, for sure.&rdquo; He added: &ldquo;It is disappointing, losing the match the way we did. To be honest, I had thought we were good for a draw after we equalised (through Mohau Mokate). But after we got that goal we did not really play like we wanted to win.&rdquo; The Team of Choice play leaders SuperSport United at the Lucas Moripe Stadium tomorrow (7.30pm).