ANDILE Jali&rsquo;s agent, Mike Makaab, has clarified that his player has not signed a new contract with KV Oostende but is merely honouring the final year of his contract.Makaab, the boss of ProSport International, reacted to a story published in SunSport yesterday on Jali signing a new deal: &ldquo;Jali has one final year left on his contract with Oostende and he went back to honour the contract. He did not put pen to paper on any new contract. He is back in Belgium to help his team.&rdquo;Back to the PSL, where most teams are beefing up their squads for the 2017-18 season &ndash; although Mamelodi Sundowns have yet to make a move in the market. The African champs, who recently advanced to the quarterfinals of the Caf Champions League, will have to strengthen their side as they are set to to resume a hectic schedule once the new Absa Premiership season kicks off.The Brazilians&rsquo; busy schedule has the likes of Khama Billiat, Percy Tau, Themba Zwane and Denis Onyango dog-tired at this stage. Coach Pitso Mosimane will need good replacements.Defending league champions Bidvest Wits, on the other hand, have been busier. They seem serious about keeping the title in Milpark, judging by the quality they&rsquo;ve signed. The Clever Boys tightened their squad with two experienced midfielders in Steven Pienaar and Daylon Claasen. They also have young international Kodisang Kobamelo, who has featured at two youth World Cups &ndash; with the Under-17s and more recently with the Under-20s in South Korea. Yugoslavian defender Slavko Damjanovic completes Wits&rsquo; signings finalised so far.Another club that has been active in the market lately is Chippa United, who have roped in Mark Mayambela and have Mahlatse Makudubela, James Okwuosa and Brighton Mhlongo on their wanted list.Baroka FC might have learned from their mistakes from the previous season, when they failed to sign experienced players to help them navigate the tough top flight. In their maiden PSL season, Bakgaga roped in 13 players from the ABC Motsepe and SAB Leagues, only to find themselves fighting for survival at the end of the season. Two seasons ago, Gift Motupa impressed many when he was Baroka&rsquo;s top goal-scorer, only to flop when he moved to Orlando Pirates the following season. He returns to Baroka ever-hopeful of more success.Another former Baroka player who is likely to return home is Thabiso Kutumela, who also received no joy from life in the black-and-white army. Baroka coach Kgoloko Thobejane will be hoping that Motupa learned quite a few things at Bucs and brings that experience to Baroka. Jose Gracia, Talent Chiwapiwa, Brian Mwila, Abdi Banda and former Kaizer Chiefs man Lewis Macha have also joined the Ga-Mphahlele side. Meanwhile, AmaZulu seem to have money to burn, even after purchasing Thanda Royal Zulu&rsquo;s league status worth well over R65 million. Usuthu have acquired seven players so far. Former Thanda players Mhlengi Cele, Ayabulela Konqobe, Siyethemba Mnguni, S&rsquo;duduzo Dlamini and Siyabonga Mbatha, Sadat Ouro-Akoriko and former Bucs player Thembela Sikhakhane have joined Usuthu.