AN UBER driver who sustained major burns after his vehicle was set alight in Pretoria last month has died.Uber confirmed earlier today that one of their "driver partners" had died of the injuries he sustained during an attack near Loftus Versfeld Stadium in Pretoria on June 10.The Springbok rugby team were playing against France at the stadium that afternoon.Several attacks have taken place between Uber vehicle drivers and metered taxi drivers, but this is the first time anyone has died."He was attacked by a small group of unknown individuals and his car was set alight while he was inside the vehicle, leading to him sustaining serious injuries,"&nbsp; Uber South Africa spokeswoman Samantha Allenberg said in a statement.Police spokesman Captain Kay Makhubela said the Uber driver had died in hospital and that police changed the case from attempted murder to murder. Police are still looking for the suspects and investigations are ongoing. Uber SA condemned violent acts, saying these actions did not represent the entire industry and that the violence and intimidation against those who chose to use technology apps such as Uber must stop. Uber also has a team of former law enforcement professionals working with the police to support their investigation. This appears to be the first murder in an apparent ongoing feud between disgruntled drivers from Uber and the meter taxi communities. It is reported that dozens of cases of malicious damage to property have been opened by Uber and meter taxi drivers in recent months after their vehicles have been stoned, petrol-bombed or set alight. At the beginning of July another vehicle was set alight in Hatfield, Pretoria. While the driver managed to escape any serious injuries, the car was completely destroyed. The driver told police he was an Uber driver, but Uber SA said the vehicle was not registered on their app. In what police suspect and meter-taxi drivers claim was retaliation for the attack on the Uber vehicle in Hatfield the day before, a meter taxi driver was set alight when his vehicle was petrol bombed in Sunnyside, Pretoria. The driver sustained minor burn wounds to his back and left arm. Bystanders managed to douse the flames in the taxi before it caused any major damage. Uber SA has requested an urgent meeting with the Police Minister and the Minister of Transport to resolve the situation, while Gauteng Metered Taxi Association spokesperson Reuben Mzayiya said they have been in ongoing meetings with the department of transport addressing all the issues.