EFF leader Julius Malema says his party has not backed away from radicalism.Malema said radicalism should not mean anarchy and recklessness, because "if you do that you will drive away a lot of supporters - you ought to make sense". Malema told this to eNCA's Thulasizwe Simelane last night during an interview on his party's fourth anniversary.Simelane reminded Malema of his party's radical stance to dismantle the system piece by piece and said the EFF now seem to be playing more and more according to the rules.Simelane said EFF is now going to the courts more to raise issues as opposed to the radical stance they took when they promised in 2014 that&nbsp; &ldquo;a revolution is coming&rdquo; . Malema said the revolution is coming and that they are not playing by any rules.Said Malema: "We are changing the rules of the game. Things were never done like this before...look at how Parliament has changed and that is because of the radicalism of the EFF." "We have identified three spheres where we are going to wage our struggle from and that will be Parliament, the courts and the streets - and we are doing it very well." The EFF leader told Simelane his party still believes in occupation of land without compensation and said that they will now move beyond occupying land for settlements to occupying agricultural land for farming purpose. He promised this will happen before their next congress in 2019.Simelane then asked Malema if occupying land without compensation in the current constitutional dispensation is not equal to anarchy. Does such a strategy also not fly in the face of the EFF&rsquo;s claim to be the protectors of the Constitution?Malema said that in the absence of a proper programme by the government to occupy land then occupying without compensation will be the only way to do it. He added there's no resolution by any constitutional court that occupying land without compensation is unconstitutional. Malema led the most successful land occupation to date in Masakaneng outside Seshego in Limpopo.On the Mogale City EFF councillors who voted with the ANC, Malema said they will be disciplined because voting with the ANC is dishonesty, pure thuggery and corruption.He said that in the EFF, they are intolerant of such ill discipline and counter revolutionary behaviour."I know how Cope was killed, I played that role and will not allow that to happen to the EFF," he said.