The Ambassadors for the 2017 Maize Cup will take centre-stage at the Terminus taxi Rank on Friday as tournament organisers take the party to the fans in the first of a series of exciting appearances. Ambassadors for this year&rsquo;s tournament, which includes local club Platinum Stars, Free State Stars, Kaizer Chiefs and Botswana Premier League side Township Rollers, were announced &nbsp;last month and &nbsp;are all former international players. They are Phil Masinga, Fabian McCarthy, Jacob Tshisevhe and Aaron Mokoena.The activation continues at the Potch Shopping Complex in Ikageng from 10h00 on Saturday where the Ambassadors will be present to sign autographs, meet the fans and help with some exciting giveaways. There will be plenty of other entertainment for fans, including amazing soccer free-styler who will display his remarkable skills. There will also be a DJ and an incredible dance display to showcase the family vibe of the inaugural Maize Cup tournament. &ldquo;We are excited to take the Maize Cup to the people of the Bokone Bophirima Province with these series of road-shows. We are thrilled to unveil our Ambassadors for this year, they are all household names who excelled on the domestic and international stage in their careers,&rdquo; says Baleseng More, activations organisor &nbsp;&nbsp; &ldquo;We have lots of fun and entertainment for fans so we urge them to come down through the next week and take in the excitement of the Maize Cup and hear more about this thrilling tournament.&rdquo; On Monday the 10th the roadshow will continue at Khuma Mall &nbsp;and thereafter at the Tower Mall on Tuesday. There will be one roadshow at the Alabama Taxi Rank (10h00) on Wednesday, and two more to finish on Thursday at the Jouberton Choppies &nbsp;and Kanana, Orkney on Friday&nbsp;The Maize Cup will be played on July 15 at the James Motlatsi Stadium &nbsp;and sees Platinum Stars host Free State Stars in the first semifinal at 10h00. The second match sees Kaizer Chiefs &nbsp;take on Township Rollers at 12h00. The final will be played later in the day at 16h00. The Maize Cup is a pre season tournament that takes place in the Bokone Bophirima province forming a central part of the pre-season preparations of all four sides.