THE programme to develop and identify sporting talent in Gauteng stands to benefit a great deal with the tabling of the R870million 2017/18 Sports and Recreation budget.&nbsp;During her presentation to the Gauteng Legislature on June 26, Gauteng MEC OF Sport, Arts, Culture and Recreation Faith Mazibuko outlined how millions allocated to sport will be used to support and take it to every corner of the province.&nbsp; &nbsp; &ldquo;We&rsquo;ll be taking our programmes into areas in the periphery of Gauteng where there&rsquo;s limited or no sport and recreational facilities. "Our rural sport programme through which working with various academies and high performance centres, will allow us to further take sports science into dusty and semi-rural areas of Westonaria, Lesedi, Merafong and more. Here players are tested to help them improve and coaches capacitated to help their players and athletes to develop.&nbsp; &nbsp; &ldquo;Ours is to help unearth hidden gems which has backed efforts to have Gauteng remain as the &lsquo;Home of Champions&rsquo;. We want all our teams across all sporting codes to be spoiled for choice with home grown talent coming out of Gauteng. We also want talent outside the province to know that in their chances of success to be champions is guaranteed in Gauteng. We have more champions than any other province in various sporting codes including rugby, soccer, netball, cricket and more.&nbsp; &nbsp; To ensure that sport reaches throughout Gauteng, since June this year the department has redeployed more stuff into its regions/corridors to work closer to the people.&nbsp; School sports remains the most important point of entry into developing sport. There are hundreds of schools through which atleast every person in South Africa goes through.&ldquo;Through the school sport programme the department will support not less than 400 schools with equipment including balls, nets, attire and more. "We&rsquo;ll work to revive and strengthen school sport including bringing back sports Wednesdays. There are now more school district league programmes taking place across the province.&nbsp; &nbsp; MEC Mazibuko has also identified sport is an ideal vehicle to build and unite our nation. &nbsp; &nbsp; &ldquo;We are committed to use Sport as a vehicle to bring diverse communities to work together in building a united and non-racial South Africa. For this the Premier&rsquo;s Social Cohesion games will continue to grow and involve other sporting codes. June this year saw rugby being brought back to Soweto. &nbsp;