DESPITE taking a healthy 2-0 lead into tomorrow&rsquo;s second leg of their penultimate Africa Nations Championship (Chan) qualifier against Botswana at Rustenburg&rsquo;s Moruleng Stadium (3pm), Bafana Bafana are looking to improve. That was the point made by Bafana&rsquo;s experienced midfielder Cole Alexander, who played a pivotal role in helping Stuart Baxter&rsquo;s side beat the Zebras 2-0 in the first leg played in Francistown last weekend.Alexander (27), who also was part of Baxter&rsquo;s Cosafa Cup side that won the Plate competition, has benefited from his call-up.He suffered a serious injury last season and only returned to action for his club, SuperSport United, late in the season.Alexander was added to Baxter&rsquo;s Cosafa Cup squad at the 11th hour to replace injured Aubrey Ngoma before the quarterfinal against Tanzania.Said Alexander: &ldquo;We did well to beat Botswana 2-0 away. But there is room for improvement and we need to focus on the home leg to make sure we get through to the next round.&rdquo;Alexander said he was grateful for his call-up. He did so well in the Cosafa Cup that Baxter kept him on for the two Chan qualifiers.Said the player: &ldquo;The training and game-time has helped me build my confidence and get my fitness back. I did not have a holiday but I&rsquo;m thankful to the coach (Baxter) for this chance. I was happy to give up my holiday when I got the call-up. &ldquo;I have benefited so much from being here. I feel stronger going into the Botswana game and for the new PSL season.&rdquo;Alexander said there was a tremendous team spirit: &ldquo;The players are in high spirits. That is down to the coach and technical team. Coach Baxter has taught us a lot and is a great motivator. &ldquo;We&rsquo;ve trained well and are well equipped to beat Botswana.&rdquo;This will be Alexander&rsquo;s third match against Botswana in as many weeks. Bafana beat Botswana 2-0 in the Cosafa Plate semifinal at the same venue recently.Added the midfielder: &ldquo;We work well as a team. Tactically we&rsquo;ve been better than Botswana, and if I get picked again I&rsquo;ll grab the chance with both hands and give my best. It is important to qualify for the next round. We don&rsquo;t want to let our country down.&rdquo; Another victory for Bafana will see them through to the final round where they will meet Zambia on a home-and-away basis next month.