FLANKER Shaun Adendorff will make a first start for the Vodacom Bulls when they take on DHL Stormers in the final game of the home side&rsquo;s campaign in the Vodacom Super Rugby competition. &nbsp; Adendorff has played off the bench twice and will take over from Ruan Steenkamp, with the latter swopping places with Adendorff and move to the bench. &nbsp; This swop is one of two in the pack that came up short against the Southern Kings last weekend. In the other, Pierre Schoeman earns a start at loosehead, with Lizo Gqoboko out with a niggle. The bench will see the return of Piet van Zyl as back-up scrumhalf and Trevor Nyakane as back-up prop. &nbsp; Vodacom Bulls coach, Nollis Marais, was adamant that his side still had a lot to play for, despite them missing the play-offs. &nbsp; &ldquo;We are playing the DHL Stormers at Loftus. This remains one of the biggest games for this team and nothing has changed about that. Yes, we are out of the running, but that does not mean that we do not want to win this one. We will really be chasing the win,&rdquo; he said. &nbsp; Marais also had special praise for Jan Serfontein and Tian Schoeman, who will both play their last match for the team before leaving for France. &nbsp; &ldquo;Both have done us proud and it is always a sad day to see top class players leave. But that is part of professional sport and something that all teams have to deal with at one stage or another. We certainly hope to see them off with a bang on Saturday.&rdquo; &nbsp; Vodacom Bulls captain, Adriaan Strauss, feels that the team can still make a statement against the DHL Stormers. &ldquo;We certainly owe them one following our defeat in the opening week. We are a proud team and want to leave the field with our heads held high. We also need to snap the losing streak at home and what better way than beating the Stormers at Loftus.&rdquo; &nbsp; The team (with Super caps and points) is: Warrick Gelant (18; 25), Travis Ismaiel (27; 40), Jesse Kriel (44; 25), Jan Serfontein (59; 85), Duncan Matthews (3; 10), Tian Schoeman (34; 134), Rudy Paige (47; 5), Nic de Jager (18; 15), Jannes Kirsten (27; 10), Shaun Adendorff (2; 0), RG Snyman (24; 10), Jason Jenkins (27; 20); Conrad Janse van Vuuren (5; 0), Adriaan Strauss (142; 70), Pierre Schoeman (23; 15). Replacements: Jaco Visagie (19; 5), Trevor Nyakane (80; 15), John Roy Jenkinson (3; 0), Ruben van Heerden (1; 0), RuanSteenkamp (10; 0), Piet van Zyl (77; 65), Tony Jantjies (4; 2), Burger Odendaal (32; 15).