THE Democratic Alliance (DA) has laid more criminal charges relating to the #GuptaLeaks scandal, the latest relating to the controversial wedding of Vega Gupta and Aakash Jahajgarhia in 2013. AmaBhungane and Scorpio at the weekend revealed how R30m that was supposed to go to a dairy project in Vrede, Free State, was diverted through Gupta-related companies to pay for the wedding while Mineral Resources Minister Mosebenzi Zwane was still an MEC in Free State. The wedding initially gained infamy when some of the Guptas' guests were allowed to use Waterkloof Air Force Base as a port of entry. DA MP and finance spokesman David Maynier spent most of the weekend with legal advisers to draft an affidavit which he presented to the police when he laid charges at the Cape Town Central Police Station in Buitenkant Street, Cape Town, this morning. Zwane, Atul Gupta, Ajay Gupta, Rajesh Gupta and their business associates, &nbsp;Ronica Ragavan and Kamal Vasram, are named as being charged. Charges include racketeering; money-laundering; assisting another to benefit from the proceeds of unlawful activities; acquiring, possessing or using the proceeds of unlawful activities in terms of the Prevention of Organised Crime Act (No 121 of 1998); and submitting false or untrue tax returns in terms of the Tax Administration Act (No 28 of 2011). "It is grotesque that public funds meant to assist the poor were allegedly used to pay for the Guptas' lavish wedding at Sun City in 2013," Maynier said outside the police station after he laid the charges. Maynier has also written to the South African Revenue Service (SARS) to ask that they investigate tax evasion relating to allegations that the wedding expenses were irregularly deducted as business expenses.&nbsp; It is the latest in a slew of cases in the wake of the #GuptaLeaks. In May DA leader Mmusi Maimane laid charges against President Jacob Zuma and 11 others in terms of the Prevention of Criminal Activities Act for allegedly receiving benefits, as well as for racketeering and treason. Thereafter DA MP and spokesperson on transport Manny de Freitas laid charges of corruption against Sfiso Buthelezi, Deputy Minister of Finance, for allegedly having benefited from tenders awarded to Prasa. He was previously Prasa's board chairman.&nbsp; Among others, the DA also laid charges against three ministers (Faith Muthambi, Lynne Brown and Des van Rooyen) and two officials (Dan Mantsha and Bruce Koloane), relating to further disclosures. The Economic Freedom Fighters laid a charge against Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba, Jacob Zuma and the Guptas relating to alleged corruption at Transnet.&nbsp;