DID you know that yesterday was the end of Corporate Wellness Week? Between waking up early, sitting in traffic, juggling tasks and working late, sits your life. And under this pressure, the first thing to go is often productivity and performance. Here is some advice how to keep the balance between your own interests and the demands of working life.The anti-wellness issues There are many elements of modern work culture that impact negatively on our wellbeing and productivity. PresenteeismPresenteeism is coming to work while sick. Nanie Rothman and Melissa-Anne Boschmans from auditing firm PwC, said this causes about six working days to be lost for every employee every year. Telepressure Telepressure is the urge to respond to emails, texts and voicemails as soon as possible, regardless of what needs to be done or even if you&rsquo;re at work. Non-stop work is poor work and productive work is smart and balanced. Stress and burnoutStress adds up over time. It used to be only experienced by firefighters, police and hospital staff. But these days, heavy workloads, long hours and poor management mean people everywhere are suffering. Symptoms include apathy, anxiety, depression, sleep disturbances, poor appetite, migraines, heart problems, even ulcers. The best thing any organisation can do is to implement a top-down strategy that addresses the work environment and health of its people.Why work wellness is needed Focus on good healthUnhealthy workers take nine times more sick days than healthy workers. Productivity losses from chronic diseases cost 400% more than treatment. Organisations that don&rsquo;t promote wellness are four times more likely to lose great talent.Prioritise mental healthResearch shows mental illness adds to absenteeism, poor work productivity and quality. Workplaces need psychological support for all staff. They need to promote fairness, honesty, respect, personal and career growth, recognition, influence, manageable workloads, and flexible work hours.Keep your happiness up Cut yourself some slack. It can go a long way to feeling better. Focus on the positive things and point them out to others.Look after yourselfSlow down, eat well and exercise. A strong mind needs a strong body so make yours the best it can be.