GOLDEN Arrows midfielder Nduduzo Sibiya reckons his nomination for this year&rsquo;s PSL Awards is affirmation of the great season he has had.Sibiya played a full season in the Absa Premiership after being promoted from the Abafana Bes&rsquo;thende side that won the 2015-16 MultiChoice Diski Challenge. The 22-year-old is nominated alongside Mamelodi Sundowns&rsquo; Motjeka Madisha and Absa Premiership champions Bidvest Wits&rsquo; Phakamani Mahlambi in the Young Player of the Season category. Sibiya modestly suggests that being one of the top three young players in the country is a big enough honour for him.The winners of this year&rsquo;s awards will be announced at the Sandton Convention Centre on Monday night. Said Sibiya: &ldquo;It makes me happy to get nominated in my first season in the PSL. But this also places me under an obligation to continue with my good performance in future. I am still learning and have to keep improving.&rdquo;Sibiya believes everyone in the category has a good chance of winning it. He said they had all done well for their respective clubs and all deserved the recognition.Madisha won the Caf Super Cup with the Brazilians and also took part in the Fifa Club World Cup, while Mahlambi won the double, the MTN8 and league title, with the Clever Boys. Mahlambi excelled despite missing the better part of the season due to a knee injury. &ldquo;I can&rsquo;t pick who will walk away with it but they have also done well for their teams. I am just happy to be a finalist, it&rsquo;s a huge pat on the back,&rdquo; Sibiya said. Sibiya&rsquo;s good performance was also rewarded with a Bafana Bafana call-up to the Cosafa Cup squad. He says he hopes this won&rsquo;t be his last call-up to the senior national men&rsquo;s side. &ldquo;I hope to be called up for the squad again and that this isn&rsquo;t my last time. &ldquo;I am happy to be part of the team, it shows that my contribution to Arrows has been recognised. I always put in my best because you never know who is watching. &ldquo;I am impressed at how well we (Bafana) play together even though we are from different clubs.&rdquo;