Birth place:&nbsp;Mvezo village, Transkei Born:&nbsp;18 July 1918Died:&nbsp;5 December 2013&ldquo;I have fought against white domination, and I have fought against black domination. I have cherished the ideal of a democratic and free society in which all persons live together in harmony and with equal opportunities. It is an ideal which I hope to live for and to achieve. But if needs be, it is an ideal for which I am prepared to die.&rdquo; &ndash; Nelson Mandela&nbsp;Rolihlahla Mandela was born to Nonqaphi Nosekeni and Nkosi Mphakanyiswa Gadla Mandela. His dad, who was a powerful man in the village, died when he was 12. It was at his primary school in Qunu that his teacher, Miss Mdingane, gave him the Christian name Nelson. After completing school, Mandela studied for a BA at the University College of Fort Hare in the Eastern Cape. He was expelled for joining a student protest, and escaped his family&rsquo;s fury by running away to Joburg in 1941. Mandela got a job as a mine security officer. Thanks to his new friend Walter Sisulu (who worked as an estate agent), he was able to do his law articles at a firm of attorneys. He finished his BA through Unisa, graduating from Fort Hare in 1943. Mandela attempted studying for a law degree several times, finally getting his law degree through Unisa in 1989 while he was still in prison. During the 1940s Mandela became increasingly politically involved. He joined the ANC in 1944 and helped start the ANCYL. In the same year he married Evelyn Mase, a nurse. They had four children together, one of whom died as a baby. Mandela pushed the ANC leadership to take on a more radical mass-based policy to fight apartheid. He rose through the ranks of the ANCYL, working hard on campaigns against oppression. In 1952 he had his first brush with the law when he and 19 others were charged under the Suppression of Communism Act and sentenced to nine months hard labour, suspended for two years. Meantime, Mandela had completed a two-year diploma in law, which allowed him to practise law. In 1952 he and Oliver Tambo started Mzansi&rsquo;s first black law firm, Mandela &amp; Tambo. The apartheid authorities considered him a threat and banned him in the same year. In 1955, Mandela and 28 others were arrested on charges of treason. They were found not guilty in 1961.Mandela divorced Evelyn Mase in 1958 and married Winnie Madikizela the same year. They had two daughters together.After the bloody events of Sharpville in 1960, the ANC and PAC were banned and a state of emergency declared. Life became a whole lot more difficult for revolutionary activists like Mandela.In 1961 Mandela was asked to lead the armed struggle and helped to set up MK. He then illegally slipped out of the country, getting military training in Morocco and Ethiopia, and travelling through Africa and England to gather support against apartheid.When he returned in 1962, he was bust for travelling without a permit and organising a strike. In 1963, he began a five year prison sentence.While he was in prison, new charges of sabotage and conspiracy to violently overthrow the government were brought against him and 10 others. Mandela used the Rivonia Trial that followed to make powerful political speeches, before being convicted with seven others and sentenced to life imprisonment. So began Mandela&rsquo;s long years of imprisonment on Robben Island.Mandela became a powerful symbol of the anti-apartheid movement while in jail, with organisations around the world demanding his release.He was finally released on 11 February 1990, going on to become Mzansi&rsquo;s first democratically elected president on 10 May 1994.Having divorced Winnie Madikizela-Mandela in 1996, Mandela married Gra&ccedil;a Machel on his 80th birthday in 1998.He died surrounded by his family in Joburg at the age of 95.