NEW information has come out about what caused Saturday&rsquo;s FNB Stadium tragedy.&nbsp;During the incident, two soccer fans, whose names are known to the SunTeam, were killed in a stampede.&nbsp;A Daily Sun investigation has uncovered that black market tickets could have been the cause of the scene that unfolded just 20 minutes before the Soweto Derby!It&rsquo;s understood from preliminary investigations that a group of between 150 and 200 people gathered outside the stadium&rsquo;s gate K. They were anxious to get in to see Kaizer Chiefs playing Orlando Pirates. They are believed to have forced their way into the stadium, confusing the untrained security guards. Daily Sun has seen a video where the emergency gate is opened and the crowd pours into the venue. People start falling early and are trampled on. The incident left two dead andmore than 25 injured. The injured were admitted to hospitals around Joburg. Stadium Management SA chief executive Jacques Grobbelaar told Daily Sun fans without tickets started forcing their way into the stadium but black market tickets were a bigger problem, as many of the 1 543 security guards and 404 SAPS members at the venue were fooled. &ldquo;On Thursday, we received a call from one of the Kaizer Chiefs branch chairmen, who told us they had picked up there were counterfeit tickets circulating. &ldquo;They were obviously sold on the black market and we warned spectators not to buy counterfeit tickets. Over 3 500 counterfeit tickets were confiscated by the police. On Friday, we re-assessed the situation. We were concerned and increased the number of security and police at the venue.&rdquo;Grobbelaar said they had detailed risk management plans and pointed out that they had hosted over 37 derbies at FNB Stadium. &ldquo;We investigated all potential risks with our support crew consisting of about 50 roleplayers, including the SAPS, Joburg Metro police, the highway patrol and many others. &ldquo;Our planning is of the highest standard by reputable companies,&rdquo; he said. Grobbelaar said an inquest docket was opened at Booysens Police Station and the matter was with the SAPS to investigate. Safety officer on the day for stadium management, Paul Sieberhagen, said: &ldquo;It was not a good situation, with people falling on top of each other and walking over others.&rdquo;When asked why the match wasn&rsquo;t stopped to attend to the crisis, Sieberhagen said it would have made the situation worse by raising panic in the stadium.Jozi Kubheka, who was critically injured during the stampede, was taken off life support at Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital yesterday and taken to a normal ward. However, she was still not able to talk, according to Grobbelaar. He said the families of the dead would be given space to deal with their loss but they would visit them later in the week to discuss funeral plans. A memorial is scheduled to be held at FNB Stadium at a date yet to be identified.