IT SHOULD be every player&rsquo;s dream to play at a Fifa World Cup &ndash; if not, he should not be in football!This is the opinion expressed by Bafana Bafana and Montpellier&rsquo;s star midfielder Keagan Dolly before he jetted back to his French Ligue 1 (First Division) club at the weekend for pre-season training after spending a holiday in the off-season with his family in Greymont, Joburg.Dolly was one of the stars of Bafana&rsquo;s historic 2-0 win over arch enemies Nigeria in their 2019 Africa Cup of Nations Cup qualifier played in Uyo earlier this month.The 24-year-old has improved in leaps and bounds since he moved to France in January after helping Mamelodi Sundowns win the 2015-16 Absa Premiership title, the Telkom Knockout in 2015 and the Caf Champions League.&nbsp;Dolly said he saw a bright future for Mzansi soccer.He said: &ldquo;We have a lot of really talented youngsters such as Percy Tau, Liam Jordan and Phakamani Mahlambi in the pipeline. My aim is to encourage those talented young players to get a club in Europe.&ldquo;It&rsquo;s only by playing against the best that you can improve. The reason I left the PSL was to challenge myself in Europe where some of the best players play and I&rsquo;m learning every day. I can feel that I have improved in the time I&rsquo;ve spent in France and am looking forward to getting back to pre-season training.&rdquo;Dolly also said Bafana were on the right track with new head coach Stuart Baxter who masterminded the country&rsquo;s first ever competitive win over the Super Eagles.Added Dolly: &ldquo;I&rsquo;m dreaming of playing at the World Cup. If a player does not have that dream, he should not be playing football.&rdquo;He said he believed Baxter would deliver the goods.&ldquo;We are well on track to qualify for both the World Cup and Afcon in 2019. We have young guys like Percy, the experience of Itu (Khune) and Dean Furman, which makes us a well balanced side. We are all hungry to play and be part of the World Cup. We showed that hunger against Nigeria.&ldquo;I got a real taste of playing in a major event when I played for the SA Under-23 side at last year&rsquo;s Olympics. That was a amazing, brilliant experience &ndash; playing against some of the world&rsquo;s best young players.&rdquo;Dolly said the 2-0 win over Nigeria had boosted the players&rsquo; confidence: &ldquo;We believe we can go all the way with coach Baxter. He understands our soccer and has not changed much.&nbsp;&ldquo;It was fantastic to be part of that historic win. But coach Baxter told us the focus is now on Cape Verde.&rdquo;Bafana play Cape Verde in back-to-back World Cup qualifiers in September.Bafana top their World Cup Group D with four points and Dolly stressed: &ldquo;The key will be picking up six points from the matches against Cape Verde. We have the talent to reach our goal of playing at the World Cup in Russia.&rdquo;