FORMER Orlando Pirates striker Phumudzo Manenzhe has launched a scathing attack on the current crop of Bucs players after this past 2016-17 season was one they would rather forget. Manenzhe, who is now a television pundit, did not hold back as he tore into the Bucs players involved in the worst season the club has had in 80 year of existence. Bucs did not pick up any silverware and most recently were embarrassed 4-1 by SuperSport United in the Nedbank Cup final at the Moses Mabhida Stadium in Durban last month. The Soweto giants also suffered two heavy league defeats when they were thumped 6-0 by Mamelodi Sundowns and 6-1 by the same Matsatsantsa a Pitori. The Buccaneers also failed to qualify for the top eight for the first time since the formation of the Premier Soccer League in the 1996-97 season. Bucs made their first official signing when they landed Chippa United midfielder Thamsanqa Sangweni. Manenzhe welcomed the arrival of Siyabonga Sangweni&rsquo;s younger brother at the club. The elder Siyabonga had a successful stay with the Buccaneers, winning back-to-back titles at the Soweto giants. But the 33-year-old Manenzhe had nothing good to say about most of the current generation of players, questioning leadership on the pitch too. Speaking at the Carling Black Label Champion Cup&rsquo;s seventh edition media briefing at the SAB World of Beer in Joburg yesterday, Manenzhe said the players must learn to put the club first &ndash; ahead of their own interests. At the time of going to print only 19 000 tickets were still on sale for the Champion Cup Soweto derby between Kaizer Chiefs and Pirates at the FNB Stadium on 29 July. Said Manenzhe: &ldquo;The arrival of Sangweni means the prayers of Pirates fans have finally been answered. The defensive midfielders at our disposal were not able to keep the ball long enough. &ldquo;Sangweni brings a long and short passing game, the fans will be happy to have a player of his calibre.&rdquo; Manenzhe said that in his time, players were told to play for the badge, the fans and to put themselves last. These days, he says, Pirates players apparently play for themselves and no longer put the needs of the club first. He added: &ldquo;The Pirates jersey is heavy for the players. They don&rsquo;t represent the badge, it&rsquo;s all about them. We put the badge first, the fans second and ourselves third &ndash; but things have changed.&rdquo;