WHEN HIV/Aids struck 18-year-old Prudence Mabele in the 1990s it struck a rock, Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa said yesterday. Instead of keeping quiet about her status, Mabele publicly announced it in 1992, Ramaphosa said during a eulogy for the respected HIV/Aids activist and sangoma at her funeral at Rhema Bible Church. This made her one of the first black South Africans to do so. Mabele died of pneumonia on July 10. A memorial service was held for her at the Wits University Great Hall in Braamfontein, Joburg, on Sunday."She felt the full force of stigma," Ramaphosa said. The response from the public had forced her to stop her medical technology studies. The Peninsula Technikon, where she was studying, told her it feared she might infect other students in the laboratory. "Her hospital file was stamped with a big red X and nurses who treated her asked her if she was a sex worker."Ramaphosa said that despite the daily attacks on Mabele&rsquo;s dignity, she had the resilience and fortitude to form the Positive Women&rsquo;s Network at Garankuwa Hospital. Two years later she helped set up the Treatment Action Campaign to fight for the government to provide anti-retroviral treatment. She helped create safe spaces where women with HIV/Aids could go. "Prudence bravely opened new frontiers of struggle. She was among Aids activists who were essentially fighting a struggle to be human, to be remembered as worthy, normal individuals with a manageable condition." Mabele gave voice to thousands whose stories and experiences, fears and dreams often went unheard, Ramaphosa said. "She brought comfort to those she knew were pained by physical discomfort, social stigma and the violation of their fundamental human rights." She was not shy to speak truth to power and never stopped questioning or confronting those she believed were neglecting their duty to society. Her vision was for a South African healthcare system that cared for everyone, especially the poor. "She dreamed of a South Africa that educated and skilled its young people. She spoke of a South Africa that had a leadership core that had integrity."Mabele wanted a South Africa that did everything to advance the interests of all citizens, not just a few. She envisaged a South Africa free of corruption. "A South Africa where the resources of our nation were used efficiently and prudently to advance the lives of the poor. A South Africa where women were affirmed and felt safe. We will carry on with the fight," Ramaphosa said.