PETROS BELIEVES he can beat evil spirits. So he invites them with a sign he says will make them show themselves. FORGIVE ME, WITCH. I DON&rsquo;T KNOW MY SIN, HE DECLARES. &ldquo;My trick is to bring the evil spirits close so they confess their evil deeds,&rdquo; said Petros Sothomela (60) from Bekkersdal, west of Joburg. &ldquo;I wish them to be troubled. A witch can hide but can&rsquo;t run away from me. I am waiting patiently. One day, a witch will tell me what I have done, because I have no sin, and then I will be released.&rdquo; Petros told Daily Sun his trouble started in January when his taxi was struck by lightning.He almost passed out but managed to control the vehicle.Three days later he was driving the same taxi when he saw two cars coming towards him, blocking the road.He nearly died when he lost control and the taxi ended up in a ditch, but he survived without injury. In February he was travelling alone in his taxi when he heard a man&rsquo;s voice.&ldquo;The voice kept on talking. I didn&rsquo;t know whether to stop the taxi and run for my life, but I managed to keep my cool and got to my destination.&rdquo;Petros, a priest in an Apostolic Church, said at his church they told him there were evil spirits haunting him.&ldquo;They told me witches were after me. I was terrified, thinking I would die and leave my family behind,&rdquo; he said.Since then, Petros has been praying for his own safety.And now he has a plan.On his gate, his taxi and his bakkie he has written the words: &ldquo;Xola Mthakathi Andisazi Isono Sam,&rdquo; which mean: &ldquo;Forgive me, witch, I don&rsquo;t know my sin.&rdquo; He hopes the words will get the evil spirits to approach him.&ldquo;I got the words from a dream after I saw three fat women passing through my window.&ldquo;I have been operating as a taxi owner in Fochville, North West for many years and I think there are people who are jealous of my success. They are probably sending the evil spirits to me, but I will trap them.&rdquo;He said he will extend his campaign to get the witches to come to him by printing the words on his clothes, especially his church gown and formal shirts.&ldquo;In the end I will win. I will beat those witches,&rdquo; he said.