Giving your loved one the funeral they deserve can be an expensive exercise. Having a funeral plan with a reliable company is the responsible thing to do.1. Tragedy can strike anyone, any timeWe&rsquo;re all familiar with the shocking stories of whole families being killed in car accidents and other disasters. The financial burden on families in such cases is massive &ndash; so choose a policy that covers more than one member of your family.2. Funeral parlours want cash up frontVery few undertakers will provide their services without being paid first. This means you or your family will need to access a lump sum immediately after the death has occurred. A good funeral plan will pay out within 24 hours of Submitting all the necessary documentation.3. The expenses add up Holding a dignified funeral means incurring all kinds of expenses. There are phone calls to be made and people who come to share your grief will need food and drinks. The body may also need to be transported some distance, you will need to choose a coffin and then, of course, there&rsquo;s the unveiling. Make sure the funeral plan you choose takes all these expenses into account. 4. After the funeral In the event that your family loses its main bread winner, the month&rsquo;s right after the loss can be really frightening as you wonder where you&rsquo;ll get your next meal from. Good funeral plans factor this in and provide cash or vouchers for groceries after the death.&nbsp; 5. Make the best of a bad situation The death of a loved one is always going to be hard to deal with, but there are ways to take some of the stress out of the situation. A good funeral plan will give you access to experienced professionals who will give you the support and expertise you need to get through the process. Client&egrave;le Limited Group has a 25 year track record in the financial services industry. The Client&egrave;le Funeral Dignity Plan is a product designed to cover you and your family&rsquo;s needs when death strikes. Most importantly, the Funeral Dignity Plan is affordable. To find out more, contact us on 011 320 3000 or go to www.clientele.co.za Client&egrave;le Life Assurance Company Limited is an authorised financial services provider and registered insurer, FSP15268. Terms and conditions apply.powered by Typeform