SAB League Under-21 National Championship hosts Gauteng are on the rise in this year&rsquo;s competition. After failing to make an impression in the last four years, Gauteng have managed a turn-around.They&rsquo;ve made it through to the semifinals after thumping Limpopo 5-1 in their final Group A match yesterday. They face the Western Cape today.The hosts top the table in the so-called group of death, Group A, with 12 points. They are equal on points with Mpumalanga, who lie second due to goal difference.With the quality in their squad Gauteng seem capable of winning this year&rsquo;s tournament. They didn&rsquo;t do well at last year&rsquo;s event in Polokwane, getting booted in the group stages, but this time around the Gauteng boys are looking more determined and hungrier. Defending champions University Sports of South Africa (USSA) are also through to the semis and will face this year&rsquo;s surprise package, Mpumalanga. The semifinals will be played simultaneously today, with Mpumalanga and Gauteng the hot favourites for victory in their respective matches. Gauteng coach Tumelo Ndaba is confident ahead of the semifinal and believes mental strength will play a vital role. Said Ndaba: &ldquo;The real competition starts now. After four group matches some of the players are fatigued. So it will be more about who is mentally fit and strong. Looking at the four teams &ndash; Gauteng, Mpumalanga, USSA and Western Cape &ndash; there&rsquo;s no easy team. But as hosts, we must stamp our authority. &ldquo;We cannot afford to disappoint the province, it&rsquo;s about time we prove Gauteng also has talent.&rdquo;Gauteng opened the competition with a 3-2 victory over Eastern Cape, followed by a 2-1 defeat to Western Cape. They scored eight goals in their last two matches, defeating Mpumalanga 3-1 and Limpopo 5-1. Mpumalanga and Gauteng will be pinning their hopes on the shoulders of strikers Rankoko Tau and Yusuf Bunting respectively.The two have scored seven goals each in four outings.