Top seeds Evans Maripa and Kgothatso Montjane remained on course after powering past Thato Tsomole and Mabel Mankgele respectively to advance to the semi-final round of the Joburg Open at Arthur Ashe Tennis Center in Soweto on Monday. South African number 1 men&rsquo;s ace Maripa, who recently captured two titles in Israel, continued his winning streak to trash compatriot Thato Tsomole 6-0 6-0 in the singles quarter-final round in Jabavu. The world number 12 will go up against top junior Alwande Skhosana in the semi-final round on Tuesday. The ecstatic 16-year-old dismantled Mayenzeke Gwija in straight sets 6-2 6-2 and said he will give it his best against Maripa in the semi-final. &ldquo;Evans is an experienced player and it&rsquo;s always great to play someone of his caliber. I know it won&rsquo;t be easy but I will play my best and hope for better results,&rdquo; said world number 6 junior Skhosana. Third seed Leon Els also advanced to the men&rsquo;s singles semi-final round. Els defeated compatriot Ishmael Tshipuke 6-2 6-0 to book his place in the last four where he&rsquo;ll come up against a much tougher opponent in second-seeded Yoshinobu Fujimoto of Japan. Fujimoto defeated Mzwanele Thentsi 6-0 6-1 in his semifinal today to book his date with Els. In the women&rsquo;s event, the country&rsquo;s leading player and world number 8 Montjane, lived up to the crowds&rsquo; expectation as she pulled off a sensation victory over country-girl Mabel Mankgele 6-0 6-0. Montjane will face former world number 1 junior Mariska Venter in Tuesday&rsquo;s semi-final round who eliminated Nonkanyiso Nyosi 6-1 6-0. &ldquo;Great match today against Nonkanyiso, I played my best game,&rdquo; commented Venter. &ldquo;It is not going to be easy playing Kgothatso Montjane in the semi-final tomorrow but I will bring out my best. KG is ranked number 8 and has more experience but I am very excited to see the outcome of our match tomorrow,&rdquo; added Venter. In the other women&rsquo;s quarter-final match, Switzerland&rsquo;s number 1 Nalani Buob powered past Kwazulu-Natal&rsquo;s Nokwanda Hlongwane 6-0 6-1 and next go up against fourth seeded Veronica Zvik from Israel for a place in the last two. &ldquo;I am looking forward to play Veronica tomorrow. It will be our first meeting ever, so it is going to be a little bit tricky. I have watched her play today against Nokwanda and still trying to come up with a game plan,&rdquo; commented Buob. Zvik booked her spot in the semi-final by defeating South Africa&rsquo;s Simpiwe Manqele 6-0 6-0. The 31-year-old didn&rsquo;t waste much time and prevented Manqele from winning any game.