BAFANA Bafana skipper Mario Booy&shy;sen and Black Leopards star Siphelele Ntshangase have raised their hands to be considered for future important international matches! Head coach Stuart Baxter, who gave Bafana&rsquo;s development team that recorded a 3-0 aggregate victory over Botswana in the 2018 African Nations Championships (Chan) qualifiers a 9 out of 10 rating, singled out the pair for their outstanding performances. Bafana impressed when they defeated the Zebras 1-0 at Moruleng Stadium in North West on Saturday &ndash; their third successive victory over the Zebras in the short space of three weeks. Bafana will host Zambia in the second and final round of the qualifiers on the weekend of 11-13 August. The second leg will be played in Lusaka a week later. Kenya will host the biannual tournament catering for players who ply their trade in their domestic leagues in January 2018. Bafana will then feature in back-to-back matches against Cape Verde Islands for the 2018 Russia World Cup qualifiers in September. Baxter is happy that he is slowly growing the pool of players for selection for international matches. He is also delighted that the SA Football Association&rsquo;s Vision 2020 is taking shape after the showing of his development team against the Zebras. Youngsters such as Ryan Moon of Kaizer Chiefs (20), who grabbed the winner, and Man of the Match Sipho Mbule (19) of SuperSport United, are being groomed for Vision 2020. Said Baxter: &ldquo;I like the way we controlled the game. What I didn&rsquo;t like is the fact that we couldn&rsquo;t kill off the game as a contest. &ldquo;Mario has done well as captain and is growing into a giant. He is one to watch. Sipho gave a mature performance, Ryan did well and could have scored more goals. The youngsters have thrown their names in the hat but are they ready yet? No, they are not, but they have a bright future with Bafana. &ldquo;I&rsquo;m giving them 9 out of 10 for a job well done. We have Zambia next and I would like to keep the same team to give them more international exposure. I&rsquo;m not a fan of picking random teams &ndash; I want to keep this one.&rdquo; Zambia have given Bafana problems in the past, including the most recent 2-1 defeat in an international friendly at the same venue last month. Baxter said: &ldquo;If we pick the same squad, we will give them problems. If these players keep working hard, some of them will play in an Afcon (Africa Cup of Nations) or World Cup qualifying matches soon. &ldquo;Ntshangase is another talented player I didn&rsquo;t know much about. He can defend and has moved up a notch to put his hand up for the future. I will consider him for the World Cup qualifiers.&rdquo;