&ldquo;WE WANT people from other places to come to Philippi to eat or buy our burgers. We know that once they taste them they won&rsquo;t stop buying. &ldquo;We sell the most delicious burgers,&rdquo; said business partners Siphumeza Ramncwana (28) and Siphamandla Mavumengwane (26).They started Estratweni Mobile Food in 2016 after both quit working for an NGO. They sell burgers, sausage rolls and muffins.Siphumeze, or Blax, said they started the business by borrowing R200 from Siphamandla&rsquo;s sister.&ldquo;We told ourselves we were going to make our business work and be successful,&rdquo; said Blax.They started by selling muffins around the township. That profit was used to expand their burger idea.&ldquo;Selling door-to-door really helped us. People now know about us and about our business. &ldquo;We operate next to Philippi Library from Mondays to Saturdays,&rdquo; said Blax.Siphamandla said they want to make food people think they can only find in town or at a mall.&ldquo;The burgers we make are exactly the same as those in town. We are just bringing them to the kasi,&rdquo; said Siphamandla.The reason they decided to start the business was so people don&rsquo;t need to travel to town if they feel like a burger.Their Facebook page is called Estratweni Mobile Food. They charge R10 for a beef burger and sausage rolls, R15 for chicken burgers and R3 for muffins with various flavours.Litha Mbadamane, a customer, said the burgers are delicious. &ldquo;Their veggies are always fresh. The burgers are even better than those you find in town.&rdquo; Another customer, Anelisa Lufundo, said she did not think they could succeed at first, but after she tasted her first burger, she wanted more. &ldquo;No more travelling to the mall or town to get delicious and tasty burgers. &ldquo;I will keep buying at Estratweni,&rdquo; said Lufundo.What customers most like about Siphumeze and Siphamandla&rsquo;s business is their customer service and that their work space is meticulously clean.