MADIBA&rsquo;s 67 years of sacrifice for the people of Mzansi was celebrated in a very concrete way in this kasi. Sixty-seven families were selected to see their dream of having a decent home rise up in just a few days.Jubilation erupted in Orange Farm on Friday when the chosen families were shown the progress of their newly built homes as part of Mandela Day celebrations. The houses are being built by Habitat for Humanity, which partnered with numerous private companies as well as with government. The programme has seen structures rise from the ground to become houses in just a few days.Gogo Sesi Thobeha (70), who had been living in a tiny shack in the area for 23 years, said her dream of living in a proper house will finally come true.Gogo Sesi told Daily Sun she is overjoyed to be one of the beneficiaries.&ldquo;After years of staying in my small shack I had almost lost hope of ever having a proper house. Now that I have a house rising in my yard, I&rsquo;m very happy and thankful to the organisation that built these houses for us,&rdquo; she said.Sesi said the area where she previously stayed was always waterlogged in the rainy season. &ldquo;They moved us to this area and now that we have had houses built for us, we are safe,&rdquo; she said.&ldquo;I do not even know how to start celebrating.&rdquo;Gogo Sesi was presented with a house that will have two bedrooms, a bathroom, a lounge and a kitchen. Construction of the homes started on Tuesday morning.MEC Paul Mashatile and Gauteng&rsquo;s Premier David Makhura attended the launch of the houses on Friday.Speaking at the opening ceremony, Makhura said that such initiatives reaffirmed former President Nelson Mandela&rsquo;s dream of a prosperous rainbow nation.&ldquo;It was Mandela&rsquo;s dream that we all live in a country where no one is homeless. Let every day be a Mandela Day. &ldquo;Let us continue to build this country,&rdquo; he said. The 67 families&rsquo; houses that are being built in Orange Farm are set to be completed by Friday.