THERE are few things as fulfilling as tearing into the hearts of your ex-employers with a worthwhile performance on the field!And this is what experienced Mamelodi Sundowns goalkeeper, Denis Onyango, did to Ethiopian giants Saint George Sports Club at the weekend, denying them a chance to progress to the quarterfinals of the 2017 Caf African Champions League.Onyango, who played for the Kidus Giorgis between 2005 and 2006, blocked Saint George&rsquo;s penalty kick following a handball offence in the box by Anele Ngcongca.But the 32-year-old goalie born in Kampala, Uganda, played down his heroics that saw the Brazilians confirm their place in the Champions League knockout stage with a 1-0 win at the packed 30 000-seater Addis Ababa Stadium in Ethiopia.Anthony Laffor was another of the Brazilians&rsquo; heroes, managing to connect with a cross from substitute Thapelo Morena to unleash a shot that beat Saint George goalkeeper Robert Odongkara &ndash; and silenced the vocal crowd.Defending Champions League title-holders Sundowns were dominant throughout this clash, although there were moments to shine for the ambitious Ethiopian team. They gave Downs the runaround with their pacy players on the rather bumpy pitch, with striker Said toying with the South African club&rsquo;s backline of Motjeka Madisha, Bagaly Soumahoro, Ngcongca and Tebogo Langerman.But Onyango proved beyond doubt that he was not crowned Africa&rsquo;s best by mistake.&ldquo;It was a very emotional moment for me to return to this country (Ethiopia), this stadium and to see these supporters. And they clapped for me when I entered the ground,&rdquo; said the grounded ex-Sharing Nsambya and SC Villa goalie. &ldquo;But on the day it was more about the business side of it. I had worked for Saint George before but when I returned there it was all about Sundowns. &ldquo;I love Saint George. Every victory is sweet and like I said, I was there on business. &ldquo;I felt a bit sorry for them when I stopped the penalty kick but I had to do my job &ndash; Sundowns pay my bills. When the penalty was taken I decided to go to the side and luckily went in the same direction the kicker took. &ldquo;But they gave us a good fight. As defending champions we wanted dearly to progress to the next stage. We executed all the chances we created.&rdquo; Laffor said this was their best opportunity to make it to the Last 8, &ldquo;even though a draw would have been good for us too&rdquo;. He added: &ldquo;When I scored the goal it was not only about me but the entire team. Sundowns are bigger than one person. &ldquo;I would like to thank the Saint George fans because they kept us going with the vibe.&rdquo; Coach Pitso Mosimane conceded that they were lucky to have saved the penalty.&ldquo;But Denis is the African Goalkeeper of the Year and has experience. If the ball goes to his side, he saves it. In penalties you need a little bit of luck. Experienced players must save their team in times like these.&rdquo;And boy, did Mosimane enjoyed the atmosphere at the stadium: &ldquo;Those fans reminded me of my days playing in Europe. We also had this kind of vibe when we played the in (Champions League) final against Zamalek (and beat them 3-1).&ldquo; I wish I could return and play here (in Ethiopia) again. Saint George are good and have the passion &ndash; but we have the experience.&rdquo; He said Saint George showed them in Atteridgeville in the first game that they were not a small team &ndash; &ldquo;but we were not casual when in possession&rdquo;. Mosimane added: &ldquo;They gave us the space to play here in Ethiopia, forgot to play themselves, and we scored.&rdquo; Sundowns will wrap up their group matches against AS Vita Club at Lucas Moripe Stadium on Sunday.