WHO cares about beautiful football? Bloemfontein Celtic just want to avoid relegation by any means possible! If you attend Celtic matches or sit down in front of your TV to watch them in action expecting to see beautiful football, you are in for a big surprise. From now until the end of the season you could be subjected to ugly and robust football from Celtic in their quest for points. That is the bold statement by caretaker coach Lehlohonolo Seema, who declared this was not the time for dazzling football, as their prime focus was on surviving relegation. Seema&rsquo;s men collected two points in back-to-back away league matches against Baroka FC (1-1) in Limpopo and SuperSport United (0-0) in Tshwane. The coach described the two points as a pot of gold, knowing very well his team is flirting with relegation. He said losing the two games would have been disastrous for them. Celtic host Orlando Pirates in a must-win game at the Dr Molemela Stadium on Wednesday (7.30pm). Their goalless draw with Matsatsantsa a Pitori was a boring affair, but Seema couldn&rsquo;t care less. He celebrated that point as if he had just won the league title. Celtic are 12th in the league table with 26 points from the same number of games and sit just four points above the relegation zone with four matches to go. Seema said: &ldquo;We feel like we hit the jackpot with the two points in the last two games and we return to Bloemfontein with lungs filled with oxygen. We fought like brave soldiers against Baroka.&ldquo;At this stage we won&rsquo;t necessarily play attractive football &ndash; we promised ourselves to fight and keep fighting. &ldquo;We saved all the energy we had left after Baroka for the fight against SuperSport, because at the moment every point feels like gold. The focus is on collecting points.&rdquo; Seema added that he would refresh the team for the next match against Pirates: &ldquo;We will make a couple of changes to refresh the team. &ldquo;The game against Pirates is a must-win for us.&rdquo;