GOLDEN Arrows are bracing themselves for a bumpy ride until the end of the current Absa Premiership campaign. After losing two matches in a row for the first time this season, to Polokwane City and Mamelodi Sundowns respectively last week, Abafana Bes&rsquo;thende find themselves outside the top eight bracket for the first time in months. The defeat to the defending Premiership champions on Friday saw them swap places with Orlando Pirates. But with four matches to go, coach Clinton Larsen is expecting his players to fight tooth and nail to regain &ndash; and retain &ndash; their top eight spot. Said Larsen:&rdquo;What is important now is that we have two home games and two away games in our last four. We need to make them count. Nothing is lost.&rdquo;Abafana Bes&rsquo;thende&rsquo;s next assignment is away to Kaizer Chiefs on Saturday. When these two last met at Moses Mabhida Stadium in Durban in December, Amakhosi went home with all three points, beating Arrows 2-0. The former Bloemfontein Celtic coach said he was expecting his players to display the same kind of football they played against the league champions when they face Chiefs at FNB Stadium (8.15pm).After Chiefs Abafana Bes&rsquo;thende will clash with relegation-threatened Baroka FC, title contenders Cape Town City and top eight chasers Pirates. Arrows lost out on a top eight spot to SuperSport United in the last match of the campaign last season. Now in ninth place with four games to go, Larsen said his side would not give up. &ldquo;Last season we fought for the top eight until the last match and this season will be no different. We will keep fighting for the available points until the end,&rdquo; said the coach. Despite losing 2-0 to Sundowns, Larsen praised his lads for their fighting spirit, determination and for showing no fear. He added: &ldquo;If my players play the way they did against Sundowns they will win more games next season. We matched Sundowns in all departments and at one stage we got the better of them. We will take same approach in the remaining matches.&rdquo;