THE TIME has come for Baroka FC to face the music as they bid to retain their PSL status. But first they will have to get past Stellenbosch FC and Black Leopards in the promotion/relegation play-offs. The National First Division duo will both want to up the standard and gain promotion to the PSL for the 2017-18 season.The all-important mini league kicks off this afternoon as Stellenbosch host Baroka at Athlone Stadium in the first match (3pm).It is worth noting that Baroka FC have been the kings of controversy throughout the season, from coach Kgoloko Thobejane claiming in pre-season that they would win the title to his demotion and return as joint coach &ndash; and now they have vowed to stay in the top flight.Their dream of remaining in the Absa Premiership is of course still possible, but Leopards and Stellenbosch will not be making it easy for them.Baroka goalkeeper Oscarine Masuluke admits the play-offs will be their greatest challenge, as the mini league is a different ball game to league matches. &ldquo;This is our last opportunity to save the club from relegation after just one season in the top flight. Our PSL status is valuable to us,&rdquo; said the lanky goalkeeper, a contender for the Goal of the Season award after his spectacular bicycle kick against Orlando Pirates. &ldquo;We&rsquo;ve made a lot of mistakes in the PSL but that is now water under the bridge. We have learnt the hard way.&rdquo;Masuluke kept two clean sheets in their last two PSL games, which resulted in his team still having a fighting chance in the play-offs.&ldquo;This bodes well for us. I want to keep more clean sheets in the play-offs too,&rdquo; said the 24-year-old keeper.Bakgaga have a good record in Cape Town, where they have won three matches. They have beaten Ajax Cape Town (1-0) and FC Cape Town (2-0 in the Nedbank Cup) as well as recording a victory over Cape Town City (2-1) at the Cape Town Stadium in October last year.Striker Maboke Matlakala, who will be carrying Bakgaga&rsquo;s hopes up-front, said there would be no room for errors.He said: &ldquo;This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity and we need to shoulder the responsibility as players to carry the club to success. &ldquo;It will be tough against the NFD teams. They will be coming at us, running for the whole 90 minutes and causing us trouble. But it&rsquo;s about time we stamp our authority.&rdquo;Matlakala joined Baroka in January and played a key role, scoring a brace in their 2-1 win against Free State Stars in their only home victory. He was also on the scoresheet when they defeated SuperSport United 1-0 in Mbombela earlier this year.Baroka are in the play-offs after finishing 15th in the league table, conceding 43 goals.