A WOMAN was allegedly kicked out of her RDP after failing to demolish her shack. Nombulelo Jako (53) from Duncan Village in East London applied for an RDP many years ago. Her application was approved and she was shortlisted to move into a house in New Life, near Mdantsane. She received the house in March. But her happiness quickly turned to sorrow when she was kicked out of her new home last Wednesday.According to Buffalo City Municipality, if a person receives an RPD while they are living in a shack, they must move their shack to their RDP house or demolish it.She said there was a misunderstanding between her and the municipality. &ldquo;The stand number of the shack is E3075, which is the same number as my family&rsquo;s shack.&ldquo;I told the municipal officials, but they did not listen. &ldquo;Then I showed them which shack they were supposed to destroy.&rdquo; Nombulelo claimed the municipality told her to choose between the shack and her RDP house.When Nombulelo refused to let the municipality destroy her family&rsquo;s shack, she was kicked out of her RDP house. &ldquo;They are the ones who gave the wrong information to the municipality and influenced them. &ldquo;On Wednesday, law enforcement officials and municipal workers took my belongings from the house in New Life. &ldquo;Now I am worried because they broke my furniture. &ldquo;I am going to open a case against them,&rdquo; she said.Councillor Clara Morolong-Yekiso told Daily Sun she is aware of the situation. &ldquo;Nombulelo was supposed to demolish her shack as she was going to go to live in New Life. &ldquo;When she was asked to point out the shack that has to be destroyed, she pointed out the wrong one. &ldquo;Now she is refusing to have the shack destroyed. &ldquo;I decided to take the matter to municipal officials because I do not have the power to resolve the matter.&rdquo; Municipal spokesman Sibusiso Cindi said: &ldquo;The municipality is not aware of this, however our housing unit will follow up on the matter.&rdquo;