WHEN Mandla Hlatshwayo visited the Soweto pub on Sunday night to arrange his 40th birthday party, little did he imagine that he wouldn&rsquo;t live to see it. But the Jozi FM radio host and former Generations actor will be honoured in death. He died a hero while helping a robbery victim! Mandla and his socialite friend Chom Chom were shot dead outside Meli Pub in Pimville at about 11pm on Sunday night. The SunTeam spoke to a car guard who apparently witnessed the tragedy. He said a woman ran into the pub for help after four men robbed her. &ldquo;Mandla came out, followed by the lady. She pointed out the thug who had taken her phone and Mandla grabbed him by the neck. &ldquo;The next thing I heard was five shots being fired,&rdquo; he said. He said Chom Chom was shot while standing on the other side of the glass door of the pub. A friend of pub owner Meli Morerwane said Mandla was planning to have his birthday party there next week. The friend, who was at the pub when the murder happened, said: &ldquo;I heard a woman screaming and when I went to check I found Chom Chom dead next to the glass door. &ldquo;Mandla was still conscious and lying outside. His life could have been saved if the ambulance had not taken an hour to arrive.&rdquo; Jozi FM CEO Mpho Mhlongo told the SunTeam the tragic news had been tough on everyone at the station. Mandla&rsquo;s friend and business partner, Jeffrey Manamela, said: &ldquo;Mandla was always smiling. He was a go-getter and youth builder.&rdquo; Former Muvhango actor Mpho Tsedu visited Mandla&rsquo;s family to pay his respects yesterday. &ldquo;The circumstances in which he died reflects the type of person he was. He was always there for people.&rdquo; Police spokesman Colonel Lungelo Dlamini said cases of murder and robbery were opened but no arrests had been made. Shirley Nkotsi posted a Facebook message yesterday on behalf of the staff and owner of Meli Lounge. It read: &ldquo;We would like to send our warm condolences to the families of our dear friends, DJ Mandla and Chom Chom. May the Lord comfort you in this time of sorrow.&rdquo;