AFRICA DAY is one of the very special days celebrated every year on May 25 on the African continent.The day was set aside to commemorate the formation of the Organisation of the African Unity (OAU) that is now known as the African Union (AU). Today the 25th of May also marks the day that the Cradle of Humankind is hosting the first display of the new Homo Naledi&nbsp;fossils exhibition at the Cradle of Human Kind.According to Wits Paleoanthropologist Prof. Lee Burger, &nbsp;Homo Naledi was alive around between 335 000 and 236 000 years ago. With that in mind let's take a look on the greatest inventions that the African continent produced and contributed to the globe. Over 25 000 years ago Africans forefathers pioneered basic mathematics.1. According to organisation Atlanta Black the invention of mathematics should be credited to Africa.The oldest known mathematical object is the Lebombo bone, that was discovered in the Lebombo Mountains of Swaziland in 35,000 B.C. Many of the math concepts that are taught in school today were also developed in the African continent.Over&nbsp;35,000 years ago, Ancient Egyptians wrote textbooks about math that geometric formulas to calculate the area and volume of shapes.2. The CAT scan is another very important tool in the medical field that was invented on the African continent.It is an imaging processer that uses X-rays to take complete pictures of the body, helping doctors with diagnosing and treating patients. The CAT scan was invented by South African physicists working at Tufts University in the United Kingdom in the late 1970s.3. A University of Johannesburg Professor Vivian Alberts invented a thin metallic film.&nbsp;The film absorbs sunrays and converts them to solar electricity. The invention made solar electricity much cheaper compared to the previously used solar panels.4. Sewage systems and toilets in ancient Egypt. This is one of the propaganda that has been going on for centuries, one of the pharaohs in Egypt built a city now known as Amarna that had toilets and sewerage systems and an American urban town planner copied the creation.5. Timbuktu in Mali between the years 1450-1550 became one of the most important places in the world.Libraries and universities were the cornerstone of the city.It became the gathering place for poets, scholars and artists from other parts of Africa and the Middle East.