THANDA Royal Zulu coach Roger Sikhakhane remains calm and focused while everyone at the team is ready to celebrate. Today could mark a historic day for Amabhubesi as they could roar back into the Premier Soccer League (PSL) with victory over Stellenbosch FC. They are just one win away from realising their dream under the watchful eye of Sikhakhane &ndash; and it could happen as early as this afternoon at 5pm in front of their home supporters. Thanda host second placed Stellenbosch at Umhlathuze Sports Complex in Richards Bay today (3pm).Amabhubesi are top of the table with 53 points from 26 matches, 10 points ahead of Stellenbosch and third placed Black Leopards. AmaZulu are fourth with 41 points.Victory for Thanda will open up a 13-point gap on Stellenbosch with 27 matches played, which will amount to an unassailable lead, as Stellenbosch would only be able to amass another nine points from the last three matches.And victory for Lidoda Duvha, who visit Royal Eagles at Harry Gwala Stadium today (3pm), will not be enough for them to catch up with Thanda either. The match between Royal Eagles and Black Leopards will certainly be a battle for the promotion play-offs spot.Sikhakhane said that although this would be a difficult match, they were looking to wrap up things today. He said he knew everything there was to know about Stellenbosch: &ldquo;Stellenbosch play long balls. We know them very well. We beat them away in the first round and are looking to repeat that. &ldquo;We know how to deal with them and are well prepared. I think we will wrap up the league against them.&rdquo;Sikhakhane urged his players to remain calm and focused in the remaining matches, even if they wrapped things up today. &ldquo;It is important for us to remain focused. Even if we win the league, we must still be serious about the other games. &ldquo;We can only celebrate after we&rsquo;ve finished all the games,&rdquo; said the coach. Sikhakhane is no stranger to the situation Thanda currently find themselves in. Five years ago he helped Chippa United gain promotion to the PSL for the first time via the promotion/relegation play-offs in the 2011-12 season. The other KwaZulu-Natal team in action today is Real Kings United, who will play host to Witbank Spurs at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium in Durban (3pm).