AXING head coach Gordon Igesund was the last throw of the dice for relegation-haunted Highlands Park! That was comment yesterday by Lions of the North co-chairman Brad Kaftel after the sacking of the former Bafana Bafana mentor at the weekend.Said Kaftel: &ldquo;The bottom line is we need a change of luck. We had no problem with Gordon, who is a top class coach and great person. This was the hardest thing I&rsquo;ve ever had to do.&rdquo;Kaftel added: &ldquo;His training sessions were brilliant and brought us some good players we would not have been able to get. We are a better team than we were when he joined us 22 games ago. The luck and results are not there so we decided to try and change our luck by changing coaches.&rdquo;Caretaker coach Les Grobler and his assistant, Thierry Mulonzo, are in charge until the end of the season and will have their work cut out to pull off a miracle and save the club from relegation. Said Kaftel: &ldquo;We need seven points from our four remaining games.&rdquo;Igesund said he was &ldquo;shocked and disappointed&rdquo; by the latest developments: &ldquo;It was unexpected. We had 22 points and were on track for our next four games. Three of them are against the sides we are battling, Baroka, Platinum Stars and Chippa United. I believed we would escape relegation despite the fact we are bottom. &ldquo;I agree we had no luck but I am still confident that the club will survive. They have made their decision and I accept it. I wish them luck and believe they will survive.&rdquo;Grobler will have this whole week before his first assignment against trouble-torn Platinum Stars away in Rustenburg on Sunday, followed by the Chippa match a week later.Highlands director Sinky Mnisi confirmed to SunSport online at the weekend that they believed they had given Igesund enough time to change the club&rsquo;s fortunes around.He thanked the coach for all his &ldquo;efforts and professionalism&rdquo; but said players were not responding to his tactics. Said Mnisi: &ldquo;We want to survive relegation and I don&rsquo;t think he is the right man to help us do that. We are in a dangerous position and we need urgent results.&rdquo; Highlands Park could be eyeing Dan &ldquo;Dance&rdquo; Malesela to take the reins at the troubled side next season, should they survive relegation.Malesela will soon be free to join any club of his choice after parting ways with Chippa last week. He is waiting for some legal matters to be concluded before his axing at Chippa is formalised after being put on &ldquo;special leave&rdquo;.Malesela is likely to walk away with a significant golden handshake that will amount to millions because his contract, which was due to expire at the end of 2019, was terminated prematurely.He told SunSport he just needed some time to spend with family before agreeing to join a bigger club.&ldquo;It must be a big club, run by mature people,&rdquo; said Malesela.