MANY people think naps are just for babies. But if you&rsquo;re lacking sleep or need to relax, you might want to think about taking a nap.Napping is becoming so popular some businesses slot it into the workday!Donovan Everitt, owner of Attica Beds, told SunWellbeing that napping was great - but if done at the wrong time of day or for too long, could backfire.&ldquo;To get the most out of a nap, get to know the pros and cons of napping and the best way to take a nap.&rdquo;All about napping Napping benefits include:- Relaxation- Reduced fatigue- Increased alertness- Improved mood- Improved performance, including quicker reaction time and better memory.But naps aren&rsquo;t for everyone.&ldquo;Some people simply can&rsquo;t sleep during the day or have trouble sleeping in places other than their own beds.&rdquo;But napping can also have negative effects . . .- Sleep inertia. You might feel groggy and disoriented after waking up from a nap.- Sleeping problems. Short naps generally don&rsquo;t affect night-time sleep quality for most people.However, if you experience insomnia or poor sleep quality at night, napping could make these problems worse. Long or frequent naps might interfere with night-time sleep.The best way to take a nap You should consider napping if you:- Experience fatigue or unexpected sleepiness.- Are about to experience sleep loss &ndash; such as a new shift at work.-&thinsp;You are making naps part of your daily routine.Get the best naps -&thinsp;Keep naps short. Aim to nap for only 10 to 30 minutes. The longer you nap, the more likely you are to feel groggy afterwards.-&thinsp;Take naps in the afternoon. The best time for a nap is usually mid afternoon &ndash; 2pm or 3pm. This is the time of day when you might experience after-lunch sleepiness or a lower level of alertness. Naps taken at this time are less likely to interfere with sleep.-&thinsp;Nap in a quiet, dark place at a comfortable temperature with few distractions.&ldquo;After the nap, give yourself time to wake up before resuming work &ndash; especially those that need sharp reflexes,&rdquo; he said.