THE divisions in the tripartite alliance over the ANC's succession battle played out at Cosatu's nationwide May Day rallies with President Jacob Zuma and his "allies" booed while his deputy Cyril Ramaphosa was cheered and welcomed.Ramaphosa was once again endorsed as the preferred candidate to take over from Zuma.Zuma, ANC national chairperson Baleka Mbete and deputy-general secretary Jessie Duarte faced a nightmare in front of the labour federation members.Zuma faced the worst embarrassment since ascending to ANC presidency in 2007 when unrelenting Cosatu members heckled and chanted anti-Zuma songs in his presence.This forced the federation to prematurely end its main Worker's Day celebrations in Bloemfontein. In an unprecedented move all speeches were cancelled and the event abandoned.In Durban, Mbete tried to put up a brave face and continued with her speech despite repeated boos from the crowd who gestured for her to leave the stage.They chanted "Gupta" despite attempts by SACP second deputy-general secretary Solly Mapaila and local leaders to calm the crowd. Responding to the rejection Mbete said: "We anticipated this as leadership. We met a week ago and discussed it. But we were ready to come and conduct ourselves in terms of our role as leadership.'' In Polokwane, Limpopo, Duarte didn&rsquo;t have a good day at the office either when she was booed by hundreds of Cosatu members when she was introduced to speak.She told News24 afterward: "This is about supporting a candidate. The ANC has not decided on candidate yet, none of us has preferences. We have not taken a decision yet.''In Nkomazi, Mpumalanga, Ramaphosa had a much easier time, with only heavy rain dampening his speech. Cosatu members rooted in the rain listening to his entire speech.Cosatu leaders said they will work the ground to ensure he was elected as the next ANC president.Cosatu's first deputy president James Tyotyo said: "He will not steal government money. Government will not build him a house because he already has his own house. As Cosatu we want to repeat it today, we say the president [Zuma] must step down because on a daily basis he commits blunders. His blunders will make us lose the elections in 2019." At the Gauteng Cosatu rally general-secretary Bheki Ntshalintshali said they will campaign to ensure Ramaphosa takes over the ANC presidency."We as the workers want Cyril Ramaphosa to be president, we will elect him in December," Ntshalintshali said.Cosatu was at the forefront of ensuring that Zuma was elected president in 2007 at the Polokwane elective conference and pushed for Mbeki's recall the following year.&nbsp; However, they now want Zuma to go after he reshuffled his cabinet without consulting them. They have also not scored any major policy changes under Zuma's administration including their call for e-tolls to be scrapped, labour brokers to be banned and radical changes in the economy.http://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/boos-for-zuma-mbete-and-duarte-and-cheers-for-ramaphosa-at-cosatu-may-day-rallies-20170501