In 2015 I met a man I believed to be God fearing. At first everything was good: he was very supportive and he understood where I was coming from. I was working but not earning much and he worked in the mines. But after a few months the honeymoon phase passed. I&rsquo;m not sure if he was tired of pretending to be someone he's not, or he had decided it was time to show me his true colours. It began with hurtful insults &ndash; things like insulting my cooking and body shaming me. I took his criticisms so seriously I took pills to try and gain weight and I even tried to lighten my skin so I could fit in better with his family.In August last year he lent me his phone so I could Google jobs. I went through his messages and I found out he had been talking about me to his friends. He told them I was there just to push time and for sex. I confronted him about it. We had a terrible fight during which he pulled a knife out and threatened me. Then he kicked me out of his house at around 1am. I had no transport and nowhere to go. I had to beg him to stay the night. &nbsp;He forced me to have sex with him. I woke up feeling broken and decided to call it quits.Three weeks later, he called and apologised. I don't know why but I forgave him. He was seeing another woman but pretended she was just a friend. During our many fights, he would always tell me that I&rsquo;m crazy. And I would end up looking like a crazy person after many of our fights because my self-esteem was so crushed. He made me feel that I wasn&rsquo;t beautiful enough to be in a relationship with him.With all these things happening, I decided to hang on. He started speaking about paying lobola and I thought things would get better. But then in November last year we had another fight about this woman he was seeing. I told him I was going to leave and go home to Soweto. He politely asked me to get into his car. He then drove on strange roads until we reached old mine shafts in the middle of nowhere. He once again pulled out his knife, telling me he was going to kill me and dump my body there. I had to beg for my life. I don&rsquo;t know what made him stop.I forgave him again, but slowly I realised exactly what he had done to me. I walked out of the relationship &ndash; only to find out I was five weeks pregnant. When I told him he asked me to return and promised to pay damages to my family and take care of me and his child. One day when he was out, I answered his phone. It was his other girlfriend and she told me things I wanted to hear about their relationship. When he came back, I confronted him about it, crying. He beat me so badly that I had to call the cops. The next day I went to the clinic but I had already lost the baby.It&rsquo;s been five months since I walked out for the last time. I&rsquo;m not in any relationship and I&rsquo;m trying to work out where along the way I lost myself.IF YOU NEED HELP!- People Opposed to Woman Abuse (Powa): 011 642 4345/6- Stop Gender Abuse: 0800 150 150WOULD YOU LIKE TO SHARE YOUR STORY?If you would like to share your story, please email it to julia.grey@dailysun.co.za