WHEN the power went off on Monday, frustrated kasi residents gathered outside and wondered when the electricity would be switched back on. But when nothing had happened by Wednesday night and the smell of rotting groceries in defrosting freezers hit the air, frustration turned to anger.Residents from Richmond Farm, north of Durban took to the streets, blocking Dumisani Makhaye, Mpangele, Mpisi and Xola roads with burning tyres and stones.The protest by 1 000 residents began on Wednesday night and carried on until yesterday morning.They disrupted a nearby school and teachers and pupils had to go home. Mbuso Ngcobo (32) told Daily Sun they expect their ward councillor to resolve the problem.&ldquo;We are forced to bath in cold water and eat bread for supper. &ldquo;We use candles to light our houses. &ldquo;In the fridges our food is getting spoilt because of this,&rdquo; he said.Mbuso added that what angered residents most was that when the ward councillor was informed about the electricity cuts, she apparently turned a deaf ear and didn&rsquo;t come to see them.&ldquo;She doesn&rsquo;t care because this is not affecting her directly. &ldquo;We want her to come to us and explain what caused the electricity cuts. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s her responsibility to go to the electricity department and enquire,&rdquo; said Mbuso.Another resident told Daily Sun that the councillor tried to address them yesterday, but residents threw stones at her.&ldquo;She ended up having to be escorted away by police.&rdquo; KZN police spokeswoman Captain Nqobile Gwala said police were at the scene to calm the situation. &ldquo;A case of public violence is being investigated by Ntuzuma SAPS. No arrests have yet been made,&rdquo; said Gwala.Councillor Nokufika Biyela asked Daily Sun to phone her back after an hour as she was busy. When the SunTeam dialled her number later, her phone was switched off. eThekwini municipal spokesman Mandla Nsele said: &ldquo;I have sent the enquiry to the relevant department. &ldquo;They will investigate the cause of electricity cuts. I will then respond,&rdquo; said Nsele.