THERE was a subdued atmosphere, with no loud vuvuzelas or much excitement as only a handful of people turned up at OR Tambo International airport last night to bid South Africa&rsquo;s Under-20 team farewell as they departed for the Fifa U-20 World Cup.But the fact remains that it is a big feat for Amajita to be going to South Korea, where they will be pitted against Japan, Italy and Uruguay in Group D.Amajita&rsquo;s low-key departure spoke of the sword hanging over their heads, as three players &ndash; Phakamani Mahlambi, Reeve Frosler (both Bidvest Wits) and SuperSport United&rsquo;s Teboho Mokoena &ndash; failed to board the 5.50pm flight.Their clubs denied the trio permission to go, which has irked the SA Football Association (Safa). Safa has since threatened to enforce Fifa rules and either suspend the players or ban the clubs.Amajita coach Thabo Senong&rsquo;s squad was left thin on the ground &ndash; he ultimately set off with a group of only 18 players.Said Senong: &ldquo;The team will progress, with or without the players not with us at the moment. Eleven starting players and three substitutes will do for us. &ldquo;We have focused more on players who are in camp and believe they will make us proud. We are seen as dark horses and I believe that will boost our confidence.&ldquo;We haven&rsquo;t been in a World Cup tournament for some time &ndash; as is the case for Japan, so it won&rsquo;t be easy. First games are very important in any tournament. &ldquo;Our focus is on the first game (against Japan on 21 May) where a draw would be a good result for us, and a win a bonus.&rdquo;Amajita will have 10 days to acclimatise to South Korean weather conditions and pitches before their opening match.Senong is confident two victories will be enough for them.&ldquo;Four points will take you to the next round, but for me six points would be better,&rdquo; he said.His captain, Tercious Malepe, said they were well prepared for the tournament: &ldquo;It has been a long journey for us, it&rsquo;s getting close now. We need to believe in ourselves. We have a quality team and working together will be key. &ldquo;We are ready for them . We are not going there on holiday but to work and compete. &ldquo;We did well in Zambia but some aspects were lacking, which we have worked on in camp. This is our time. We are going there to make Mzansi proud.&rdquo;Their second game is against Italy on 24 May and they close the group stages against Uruguay on 27 May. This will be Amajita&rsquo;s third appearance at the U-20 World Cup. Their last appearance was in 2009 in Egypt where they were knocked out in the group stages after winning one match, drawing one and losing the other.