International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and Biphobia is marked annually on 17 May.It&rsquo;s a day to draw the attention of policymakers, opinion leaders, social movements, the public and media to the violence and discrimination suffered by lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and intersex people &ndash; all those who do not conform to the usual sexual and gender stereotypes. The date was specifically chosen to commemorate the World Health Organisation&rsquo;s decision on 17 May 1990 to stop listing homosexuality as a mental disorder.A recent survey commissioned by the Other Foundation and undertaken by the Human Sciences Research Council about attitudes towards homosexuality and gender non-conformity in South Africa found that 70% of South Africans feel that homosexual sex and ignoring gender dressing norms is &ldquo;wrong&rdquo; and &ldquo;disgusting&rdquo;. In addition, almost 30% believe that gays and lesbians do not deserve the same human rights as the rest of the country&rsquo;s citizens. What&rsquo;s more, 450 000 have physically harmed women who dressed and behaved like men and 240 000 have beaten up men who dressed and behaved like women. Alarmingly, about three million South Africans said that they might commit acts of violence against people who do not conform to their gender ideas in the future. &ldquo;These frightening figures highlight the importance of international day against homophobia and transphobia,&rdquo; said Nina Morris Lee, head of marketing at the Anova Health Institute. It is currently spearheading wethebrave.co.za, a sexual health campaign targeted specifically at men who have sex with men.The organisers of the day against homophobia have pinpointed HIV, and stigma based on sexual orientation and gender identity, as needing critical action. This is due to the gay and lesbian community members around the world being disproportionately affected by HIV/Aids. Infection rates in men who have sex with men and transgendered individuals is up to 20 times higher than in the general population. This has contributed to them being left out of HIV/Aids prevention, care, treatment and support programmes. Up until the implementation of wethebrave.co.za, South Africa too largely ignored HIV prevention and treatment efforts. Funded by the Elton John Aids Foundation, the campaign addresses both prevention and treatment issues in a non-ju&ldquo;Even with medical advancements, homophobia and transphobia, if not addressed, will always be a driver of HIV incidence among men who have sex with men.&rdquo;For more information, visit www.wethebrave.co.za or dayagainsthomophobia.org/hiv-sogi-stigma.