AS Khayelethu Mtshawu&rsquo;s life drained from his body, the cellphone in his pocket kept ringing.On the phone was his daughter Noluvuyo Mtshawu (17), calling her dad, who was supposed to take her to school.But the 50-year-old warrant officer from KwaDwesi was already dead, shot behind the steering-wheel of his cop car in Veeplaas.Noluvuyo kept phoning, unaware that her dad had been murdered by merciless criminals.Mtshawu, from the Motherwell cop shop, was found after his car ended up in a ditch on the road between KwaMagxaki and Veeplaas kasi in Port Elizabeth yesterday morning. There was blood everywhere inside the white Chevrolet Aveo. Even the cop&rsquo;s file dockets were splashed with his blood.It appeared he was shot from inside the car or was attacked while filling up at a petrol station in KwaMagxaki, as the car had no visible holes on the outside. He allegedly drove at high speed for about a kilometre down Ralo Road towards Veeplaas. The tyre marks show he lost control near the traffic lights on the corner of Ralo Road and the M14.Cops gathered at the scene and later went to his KwaDwesi home to inform the family. Police chaplain Vusumzi Davids led a short prayer service.The good cop&rsquo;s neighbour, Nozuko Fila (58), told Daily Sun: &ldquo;The family is still traumatised and confused. We came as a community to comfort them and share their grief. &ldquo;He was a good cop and a family man. I&rsquo;ve known him since we were small farmers. We will miss him.&rdquo;A member of the Veeplaas CPF who didn&rsquo;t want to be named said he had heard three gun shots at about 4:30am. &ldquo;I was shocked to learn that he was murdered. We lost a brave and good cop who loved his work.&rdquo; Captain Andre Beetge said: &ldquo;The member on duty at the time was identified as Warrant Officer Khayelethu Wellbeloved Mtshawu, attached to the Motherwell family violence, child protection and sexual offences unit. &ldquo;At this stage the circumstances surrounding the incident are unknown. Police are investigating a case of murder.&rdquo;&ldquo;Anyone who can assist with any information which can lead to the arrest of the suspect/s who murdered W/O Mtshawu, are requested to please contact the Investigating Officer, Lt Col Jackie Grobler on 082 065 9985 or KwaZakhele SAPS on 041 4087744 or any nearest police station. Information can also be shared through SAPS Crime Stop 08600 10 111 or Crime Line 32211. All information will be treated as confidential,&rdquo; he said.