AMAKHOSI will finish the season WITHOUT a trophy. That is a fact that not even Kaizer Chiefs coach Steve Komphela can deny in his colourful, if somewhat confusing responses. Everyone seems to have an opinion on why Amakhosi have not won any silverware, with glory having eluded them in the league, MTN8, Telkom Knockout and the Nedbank Cup.Some believe a perceived shortage of quality in the current squad is the main reason why they are trophy-less. Chairman Kaizer Motaung has his own opinion, which is that their biggest downfall was signing players who should not have been allowed to set foot at their base in Naturena.Chiefs legend Tinashe &ldquo;Washington&rdquo; Nengomasha, who has won a slew of trophies in a glittering 10-year career with the Soweto giants, agrees with his former employer.The 34-year-old from Harare admits his heart still beats warmly for Chiefs, saying it was tough to see his former side finishing their season without a trophy once again. Nengomasha believes the reason why Komphela&rsquo;s kitty is dry this season is because they don&rsquo;t have a quality, game-changing player. Nengomasha, who has returned home to enjoy his retirement in Zimbabwe, was speaking at the Cosafa Castle Cup draw in Joburg on Tuesday. He is also busy with coaching courses in Harare. The 20th edition of the Southern Africa regional competition will be played in Rustenburg from 25 June to 9 July. Nengomasha said: &ldquo;Chiefs need a big player to pull the strings. They need a brilliant individual &ndash; that&rsquo;s what they are missing at the moment. That is the type of player who will help them win trophies.&rdquo; The former Bidvest Wits midfielder also had his say about his countrymen, Lewis Macha and Michelle Katsavairo&rsquo;s disastrous debut season for Amakhosi. Macha (25) and Katsavairo (27) had a season to forget at Chiefs and the pair could be on their way out after their below-par performances. Compatriot Willard Katsande is currently Amakhosi&rsquo;s talisman and has been their most consistent performer this season, while former striker Knowledge Musona and Nengomasha had represented the team with aplomb in the past. Nengomasha explains: &ldquo;I had time to settle but the two players were thrown in at the deep end from the beginning. That&rsquo;s why they failed. There is too much pressure and expectations at Chiefs.&rdquo; Nengomasha was discovered at a Cosafa U-20 tournament as a 19-year-old and went on to become a big player for both club and country. He said: &ldquo;This tournament has the power to discover and develop players. It&rsquo;s good for local players.&rdquo; Bafana Bafana will play against the winner of Group A in the quarterfinal at Royal Bafokeng Sports Palace on 2 July. Safa CEO Dennis Mumble confirmed yesterday that Bafana would field a youthful side consisting of Under-20 World Cup and Under-23 Olympic squad players. The winner of Group B will play Swaziland, while Botswana and Zambia complete the quarterfinal lineup.