IT IS crunch time! And regelation-threatened Free State Stars have promised to come out fighting when they face title-chasing Cape Town City at the Athlone Stadium tonight (8pm).Ea Lla Koto have dropped to 14th place with 23 points &ndash; only one point better than bottom club Highlands Park with four matches to play. And they come up against a City side whose title hopes were dented by a 1-0 away loss to Maritzburg United last weekend. The Citizens are third on 49 points.Stars general manager Rantsi Mokoena admitted there is nowhere to hide now. &ldquo;We have to dig deep and show character,&rdquo; he said after his head coach, Serame Letsoaka, revamped his technical bench by axing Themba Sithole and calling in David Vilakazi. Mokoena compared tonight&rsquo;s clash to a &ldquo;cup final for both teams. &ldquo;City are fighting for the league while we are fighting for survival,&rdquo; Mokoena analysed their positions. &ldquo;We&rsquo;ll be stepping into the ring like Mike Tyson used to do, giving it everything we have. Form goes out of the window, all that matters is points.&rdquo;The Stars boss said the club needed eight points from their remaining four matches, but they will have a tough run-in. After City they host another title-chasing outfit, Bidvest Wits, at home. Then they&rsquo;re away to Bloemfontein Celtic in what will be a relegation Free State derby, as Phunya Sele Sele are also in the danger zone. They end their campaign at home to another side in danger Chippa United.Said Mokoena: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s going to be a bumpy ride during those tough four games. But we have to pull up our socks. We dropped points against sides such as Baroka and Polokwane City where we should not have lost. But that is history. Now we have to roll up our sleeves.&rdquo;The fact that City lost to Maritzburg away last weekend will make Stars&rsquo; task even harder.But said Mokoena: &ldquo;We showed we are good enough by the way we beat Orlando Pirates 3-2 last month. We need to get that form back in the remaining games and get out of the danger zone.&rdquo;