MOEKETSI Sekola and Thato Thlone have been snubbed by Free State Stars.Their season seems as good as over, as the two players have allegedly been told by management that their services won&rsquo;t be utilised for the remainder of the campaign.An insider at Stars told SunSport that Sekola and Thlone were allowed to attend training, but wouldn&rsquo;t play any role in Ea Lla Koto&rsquo;s remaining three league games (including last night&rsquo;s home match against Bidvest Wits) as the club battles to survive relegation.The snub comes after the two signed pre-contract agreements with Highlands Park and Bidvest Wits respectively in January. Their contracts with Stars both expire in June. Sekola joined the relegation-haunted Highlands on a three-year deal, while Thlone signed a one-year deal with title-chasers Wits. As if that was not enough, the striker and defender were allegedly refused entry into Stars&rsquo; offices by club boss Mike Mokoena on Monday, where bonuses were discussed to ensure players achieve their targets. Said the source: &ldquo;The two players were told they wouldn&rsquo;t play in matches because they are not producing results. There was a meeting on Monday and the chairman refused to let them into the club&rsquo;s offices. &ldquo;The players are disappointed, considering they have contributed positively to the club in the last two seasons. The management wants to blame somebody for the club&rsquo;s poor performances.&rdquo;Stars received a timely boost earlier this week when Free State premier Sekgobela &ldquo;Ace&rdquo; Magashule gave them a R2 million cash injection to help the club stay in the PSL.Mokoena refused to comment and labelled the allegations nonsense: &ldquo;I am not going to address that nonsense, okay?&rdquo;Sekola joined Stars in the 2013-14 season from ABC Motsepe League side Roses United. The 27-year-old made a serious impact the following season to become the PSL top scorer with 14 goals. Thlone has been a marvel to watch since he joined Stars from Dynamos FC. His no-nonsense approach and incredible defending caught the eye of Wits coach Gavin Hunt, who decided to lure him to their stable.