KAIZER Chiefs head coach Steve Komphela&rsquo;s job is safe for next season.That was the assurance given by Amakhosi chairman Kaizer Motaung yesterday at the launch of a new sponsorship by Medshield Medical Aid that will be worth in excess of R15 million over the next three years.Motaung admitted he was disappointed by the fact that Chiefs failed to win a trophy for the second season running &ndash; the first time it has happened in Chiefs&rsquo; 37-year history.He said: &ldquo;We had a good run when we went 14 games unbeaten but a lot of those games were draws. The last five games &ndash; in terms of performance we played well, but we had too many defensive glitches. We conceded late goals in three matches.&rdquo;Motaung said he would have to review the season to see where the side went wrong and how to fix things for the new season.But the Chiefs boss said he did not intend axing his coach: &ldquo;Steve still has a year to go on his contract and we can&rsquo;t put the disappointment of the season down to one person.&ldquo;We can&rsquo;t decide overnight to get rid of the coach. In any case, chopping and changing coaches can hurt you.&rdquo;But Motaung did say that the club had given Komphela every resource he needed to succeed this season.While the Chiefs boss said he would not be splashing the cash next season, he would be looking at bringing in new defenders. He also said he admired the way Bidvest Wits coach Gavin Hunt had utilised his youngsters, adding that this was the way forward for Chiefs.Said the Amakhosi boss: &ldquo;Coaches are scared to blood youngsters at big clubs. But we need to look at bringing in more promising youngsters next season.&ldquo;Our defence did not do us any good. To be honest, you could see some had tired legs.&rdquo;The medical aid sponsorship will cover all the players and staff. The club will also be making it affordable to supporters, but details still have to be worked out.Meanwhile, Chiefs midfield star &ldquo;Simphiwe &ldquo;Shabba&rdquo; Tshabalala said they would be working hard to win their three remaining Absa Premiership matches to try and finish third.Chiefs travel to the New Peter Mokaba Stadium tomorrow (6pm) where they face Polokwane City. Said Shabba: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s a painful situation we are in. Now we&rsquo;re focused on winning the last three games and will try to finish third.&ldquo;It&rsquo;s going to be a tough game. City are a ball-playing team and we will need to be more clinical and ruthless in front of goal.&rdquo;Shabba added that the team needed to be more consistent and said the lessons learnt would be taken into next season .And he promised: &ldquo;Chiefs will come back stronger next season.&rdquo;