The first three try-outs of the Nedbank KeYona Team Search have been concluded. South Africa&rsquo;s football coaching maestros Owen da Gama, Mike Mangena, Shakes Mashaba and Khabo Zondo are continuing the journey to identify, develop and ultimately deliver their selection of the best raw footballing talent Mzansi has to offer. With a little under two weeks to go before the next batch of try-outs, Nedbank KeYona Team Search entrants should be motivated at the opportunity that awaits them to impress the KeYona selectors and become South Africa&rsquo;s newest rising stars, following in the footsteps of Aubrey Modiba who has gone on to represent Bafana Bafana and the Men&rsquo;s Olympic Team after being spotted at the trials in 2014.The first phase of the highly-anticipated competition kicked off on the 27th of April at the Nedbank Cup holders Supersport United&rsquo;s home ground, Lucas Moripe Stadium, in Atteridgeville, west of Pretoria. Close to 500 trialists participated and the try-outs were off to an early start as entrants arrived at the stadium gates two hours prior to registration. A similar scene was witnessed on Saturday April 29th when approximately 400 entrants flocked to the Dr Molemela Stadium in Bloemfontein to try their luck. The last of the first three try-outs ended at Cape Town&rsquo;s Athlone stadium on the 1st of May where there were 477 registered trialists. &nbsp;KeYona Team selector Mike Mangena, speaking at the Cape Town Try Out, gave his views about the untapped talent that turned out in their numbers, &ldquo;Many aspirant footballers have big dreams and within those dreams lie a responsibility for us to channel the correct energy and resources into ensuring that the young hopefuls are not only validated, but given a relevant platform from which they can excel. The Nedbank KeYona Team Search is that platform. We are thoroughly impressed with the quality and determination of the players that we have seen thus far and we believe that the next three cities will give us solid players such as the like of AmaTuks Striker Ian Chikowa or Mwenya Chibwe from Platinum Stars&rdquo; concluded Mangena. The talent pull that will be selected from the Try Out phase of the competition will go through a rigorous selection criteria at the next phase of the competition which is boot camp. The final 18 will be drafted into PSL teams after playing at the KeYona Challenge against the 2017 Nedbank Cup winners.The try-outs will now be rolled out in three more cities and the selectors have urged the aspiring hopefuls to bring their A game. The next set of Try Outs will be carried out at the below venues. &nbsp; Date Province Stadium &nbsp;&nbsp; Saturday, 13 May 2017 Eastern Cape Wolfson Stadium &nbsp;&nbsp; Saturday, 20 May 2017 KwaZulu-Natal King Zwelithini Stadium &nbsp;&nbsp; Saturday, 10 June 2017 Gauteng Rand Stadium &nbsp;Spectators are welcome at all the Try-outs