NEW Bafana Bafana head coach Stuart Baxter put his foot down yesterday when he left star midfielder Thulani Serero out of his squad to play Nigeria in the opening 2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier in Uyo on 10 June. Baxter, pulling no punches, said the Ajax Amsterdam player was not fit enough: &ldquo;Serero has played only 800 hours of football over the last year. It would not be fair on him or the team to include him in this squad for such a vital game. It would be unfair to all concerned.&rdquo;The coach said he had contacted Serero and explained that while he would be excluded from this match, he was still in his long-term plans.Serero did not feature for the Dutch giants when they were beaten 2-0 by Manchester United in the Europa Cup final in Stockholm, Sweden, on Wednesday.Baxter stressed that it was not the end of the road for Serero. He is hoping Serero gets a new club for the new season and will be back in the Bafana frame.Baxter included controversial striker Tokelo Rantie who plays in Turkey for Genclerbirligi.Rantie was suspended by Safa after he failed to report for last year&rsquo;s 2018 World Cup qualifier against Burkina Faso. He also let Bafana down in June 2015 when he did not pitch for another Afcon qualifier against Gambia in Durban, claiming he was getting married.However, Baxter said Safa would deal with the outstanding disciplinary issues surrounding players.The outgoing SuperSport United coach said he selected Rantie because he rates him highly and stressed: &ldquo;I watched Rantie scare the life out of Nigeria when we played them (in Uyo in November 2014) in an Afcon match we drew 2-2. He scored both goals. I&rsquo;m sure Nigeria will not be looking forward to facing him again.&ldquo;I spoke to him and he feels he is in a better space now He has moved on and has matured. A fired-up Rantie will be a tremendous asset to Bafana against Nigeria.&rdquo;Baxter also included the man fans loved to hate, Orlando Pirates striker Thamsanqa Gabuza, who has scored a handful of goals this season. French based striker Kermit Erasmus is back too after being dropped by previous coach Shakes Mashaba.&ldquo;PSL strikers can&rsquo;t produce 25 goal a season. I wanted a striker with physical presence, and Gabuza ticks that box. At Pirates he is more mobile but he will be a targetman for me.&rdquo;Baxter also drafted exciting Cape Town City midfielder Aubrey Ngoma, Dutch based Kamohelo Mokotjo who has a hand injury and will be assessed when he arrives, and Portuguese based Bongani Zungu.