MAMELODI Sundowns coach Pitso &ldquo;Jingles&rdquo; Mosimane has criticised his players for being too casual in their Caf Champions League Group C opener against Saint George SC of Ethiopia at the weekend. Mosimane did not hold back as he tore into his players for underestimating the opposition. The Brazilians started the defence of their Champions League title with a dull 0-0 draw with the East African outfit at the Lucas Moripe Stadium in Atteridgeville on Saturday. St George are arguably the weakest team in the group, with tougher matches against fellow Champions League winners Esperance of Tunisia and AS Vita Club of the Democratic Republic of Congo still to come. Esperance beat Vita 3-1 in Tunis on Friday to top the group table with three points, while Downs and George are tied for second on a point apiece. Vita are bottom of the table after the first round of matches. The Brazilians have a tough assignment in Kinshasa on an artificial pitch against Vita on 23 May. It will be a grudge match as Vita eliminated them in the Champions League preliminary stage previously, only to be disqualified for fielding an ineligible player. Vita were eventually replaced by the Brazilians in the group stages last season and Downs went on to win the Champions League. Meanwhile on Saturday, the Ethiopian outfit&rsquo;s fans outnumbered the Downs faithful in the stands, creating an electric atmosphere. Mosimane said: &ldquo;This was like a nice Sunday afternoon league game for the over-30&rsquo;s &ndash; nothing at stake, no rush, just entertainment. Such a performance would not win us the Champion&rsquo;s League. We didn&rsquo;t have venom in attack. I&rsquo;m disappointed with my players. &ldquo;I have never seen a game as mild as this one. Maybe the players were tired or mentally affected by something, I will talk to them and find out. But it was poor performance.&rdquo; Mosimane hopes the performance will not come back to haunt them later in this stage: &ldquo;We were not aggressive up-front and I&rsquo;m worried. But we have to roll up our sleeves and win in Kinshasa in tough conditions.&rdquo; The defending PSL champs host Maritzburg United in a do-or-die Absa Premiership encounter at the same venue on Wednesday and will hope leaders Bidvest Wits, who are two points ahead of them, stumble at home to Polokwane City on the same night. Mosimane said they could not afford any more slip-ups: &ldquo;A similar performance will not cut it against Maritzburg. They are not an easy team to beat.&rdquo;