SAFA technical director Neil Tovey has expressed disappointment with Bidvest Wits for refusing to release top player Phakamani Mahlambi to the SA Under-20 squad currently in South Korea.Thabo Senong&rsquo;s charges are in Asia for the Fifa U-20 World Cup. They open their tournament account against Japan at the Suwon World Cup Stadium on Sunday at 10am.Safa confirmed Mahlambi&rsquo;s withdrawal from the squad yesterday &ldquo;due to a hamstring injury he sustained while training with his club&rdquo;.Safa&rsquo;s statement says his place has been taken by Ajax Cape Town defender Sirgio Kammies.&rdquo;Kammies was due to join his South African teammates in South Korea tonight.There has been a cold war between Wits and Safa over the player, as his club declined to release him after the association failed to co-operate on certain requests from the Milpark side. Tovey said it was sad to see such talent left behind. Said Tovey: &ldquo;I can&rsquo;t really comment much on the issue. It was discussed in a meeting and I had to travel to Durban. All I know is that Phakamani is injured and won&rsquo;t participate in this tournament.&rdquo;Tovey was speaking at the launch of the annual Durban Under-19 International Tournament at Umlazi Mega City yesterday. The former Bafana Bafana captain added that it was unfortunate to see Mahlambi and SuperSport United midfielder Tebogo Mokoena sidelined. He added: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s sad, if I can put it that way, that these players are being denied an opportunity to participate at the World Cup. &ldquo;I know the teams want them to try and win the league or Nedbank Cup. But personally I think a player should come first in these circumstances. They should have been given a chance to play in this once-in-a-lifetime tournament.&rdquo;Tovey said Wits did produce a certificate as proof of his injury, which indicates he will be out for a while. &ldquo;We have his medical certificate that shows he is actually injured. He will be out for six weeks. It is a sad day for both the player and the country,&rdquo; said Tovey. He said he expected Amajita to progress to the knockout stages of the World Cup. Senong admitted it was unfortunate that Mahlambi couldn&rsquo;t join them: &ldquo;We have to forge ahead. We would like to wish him a speedy recovery. &ldquo;This has also given us a chance to re-evaluate our squad, so we decided to call up Sirgio to add numbers to our defence, because we feel we have enough strength in attack.&rdquo;Kammies is not new to the squad, as he was part of preparations prior to the U-20 Afcon tournament in Zambia earlier this year.