THE SURPRISE package of this year&rsquo;s Spar 10km Grand Prix, Louisa Leballo, hopes to continue her fairy-tale run at the popular road running event. Leballo, who runs in the colours of Nedbank, upset a strong field to win the first leg of the race in Cape Town last month. Was it a stroke of luck? Well, the answer to that question could be provided in the next race, where all eyes will be on the 38-year-old to see if she can repeat her feat in Port Elizabeth on Saturday. She had been trying without luck since 2012 but finally succeeded when she crossed the finish line first in the Mother City. Regular contenders Lebogang Phalula, Mapaseka Makhanya and Irvette van Blerk were left in her wake as Leballo claimed the top spot on the podium to position herself as an early pacesetter on the leaderboard with 30 points. She clocked 30:55:00 to finish ahead of Kesa Molotsane (30:56:00), who trails her by one point (29) on the leaderboard. Van Blerk is third with 28 points and she too will be hoping to improve on her third place in the Mother City race (38:04:00). Leballo, who settled for third place (1:15:08) in the Old Mutual Two Oceans half marathon in Cape Town last month, used the event to prepare for the second leg of the race in the Eastern Cape. But she says she got sick and took a few days off from training to recover from the gruelling race. Leballo said: &ldquo;I just want to finish in the top three. I was surprised with my time in Cape Town. I&rsquo;m not under pressure going into the race because I&rsquo;m not the favourite. &ldquo;I just want to maintain my lead at the top and I'm going into the race in good spirits.&rdquo; Makhanya, Phalula and Rutendo Nyahora, the Zimbabwean road running queen, will call on their experience to get their campaigns up and running. The Grand Prix consist of six races in cities across the country and the overall winner on points will pocket R150 000. It&rsquo;s still early days in the competition, as Port Elizabeth will only be the second race of the year. The other races will take place in Durban, Pietermaritzburg, Pretoria and Johannesburg.