BIDVEST Wits&rsquo; Sifiso Hlanti has raised an important topic for national football players, saying some individual introspection is needed to establish why South Africa is struggling in continental and world competitions.Bafana Bafana failed to qualify for this year&rsquo;s Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon), which was ultimately won by Cameroon. Bafana last featured in the Fifa World Cup when they qualified as hosts in 2010.Hlanti has also pleaded for more firepower ahead of the 2019 Afcon qualifiers, set to kick off next weekend. He is part of Stuart Baxter&rsquo;s squad that will face Nigeria in their first Group E qualifier at the Godswill Akpabio International Stadium in Uyo on 10 June. All eyes will also be on Bafana when they play their World Cup qualifiers later in the year.The 27-year-old left-back reckons national team players must show more hunger and determination in continental competitions to succeed on the world stage. &ldquo;As players we should look at ourselves and ask why we are not concerned about things that are important to the nation,&rdquo; Hlanti said yesterday when Wits paraded their Absa Premiership trophy in their sponsors&rsquo; call centre area in Auckland Park, where they also signed autographs. &ldquo;Pointing fingers will not help anyone at this stage. We have to support one another so that whatever we are working towards can be achieved.&rdquo;The former AmaZulu player admitted that their match against the Super Eagles will not be an easy one, as they last beat Nigeria back in 2004, under Baxter at Ellis Park. Shaun Bartlett and Benedict Vilakazi scored the goals in that 2-1 win.Hlanti said, however, that Baxter&rsquo;s experience would be vital in getting the upper hand. &ldquo;It won&rsquo;t be easy, especially since it&rsquo;s an away game. It will be tough but I believe that the squad assembled by the coach will be able to get the desired results. Anything is possible,&rdquo; he added. Meanwhile, Wits captain Thulani &ldquo;Tyson&rdquo; Hlatshwayo is confident Nigeria can be beaten. Tyson said they were expecting an ugly game from the Nigerians, who could employ some intimidation tactics too. Said Hlatshwayo: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s important that we take care of ourselves, we know the history with Nigeria. We have struggled against them but we eliminated them from the 2015 Afcon with a 2-2 draw. We need to go there and fight.&rdquo;He added that Nigeria&rsquo;s confidence and arrogance worked in their favour: &ldquo;They have confidence and arrogance &ndash; that is how they are. &ldquo;We also need to have those things, even though we know our strength is hanging on to the ball. We have to outsmart them,&rdquo; he added. Bafana will assemble for camp on Sunday. They will have two training sessions on Monday and Tuesday before departing for Uyo State via Lagos on 7 June.