THE ABSA Premiership title race has reached fever pitch!Orlando Pirates and Maritzburg United will have a big say in who will be crowned champions on 27 May. The two main contenders, Bidvest Wits and defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns, have five games remaining and both have to play Bucs and the Team of Choice before the season ends later this month.The Clever Boys leapfrogged back to the top of the table after a nail-biting 1-0 win over the second placed Brazilians at the Bidvest Wits Stadium on Monday. Wits have 51 points, Downs 50 and the other contenders, Cape Town City FC, are on 49 points after their shock 1-0 away loss to the tricky Maritzburg on Monday. But City have only four games remaining.The Students host Bucs at home tomorrow and head coach Gavin Hunt is worried about fatigue: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s a crazy programme. We also play Maritzburg (at home) on Sunday.&rdquo;Hunt said his side had the toughest run-in: &ldquo;We&rsquo;ll battle until the death. But I don&rsquo;t see either City or Sundowns losing any more games this season. We have by far the hardest run-in and have to regroup for Pirates.&rdquo;Hunt said they would miss veteran winger Daine Klate against his former club Bucs. Klate was sent off late in Monday&rsquo;s game.Said the coach: &ldquo;We need experienced players like Klate for Pirates. But I still have Gabadinho Mhango and Phakamani Mahlambi to bring in.&rdquo;Downs host Platinum Stars at Lucas Moripe Stadium tomorrow, face Bucs at Orlando Stadium on Sunday and then play Maritzburg on 17 May.Said Downs coach Pitso Mosimane: &ldquo;We had the league in our hands, then City had it and now Wits have it. I have no complaints losing to Wits, they were hungrier than us and wanted it more. This is one loss I budgeted for. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s not easy to come here. All is not lost after this defeat. I mean, we don&rsquo;t know what will happen. Our last game is away to Highlands Park and Wits are away to Kaizer Chiefs.&rdquo;On Pirates Mosimane said: &ldquo;Pirates are improving and are on a good run. They have a really good attack but are not consistent in defence.&rdquo;He said fatigue had not affected his players despite their hectic schedule, winning the Caf Champions League and Caf Super Cup: &ldquo;We&rsquo;re still fresh. We want to win the league and Champions League again this year, so we&rsquo;re not complaining about the number of games we have to play. We&rsquo;ll be ready for Stars on Thursday.&rdquo;