THE SABC is desperate for your money. They now want you to pay them for watching TV on your computer, cellphone and tablet. SABC CEO James Aguma shocked the nation on Wednesday when he told this to parliament. Aguma, SABC executives and the SABC&rsquo;s new interim board appeared before parliament&rsquo;s portfolio committee on communications to brief members of parliament about the latest situation at the crisis-riddled public broadcaster and its revised corporate plan. He admitted that the SABC is facing a financial crisis.Aguma told parliament that if the Broadcasting Act is changed, it would broaden the collection base for SABC TV licences which in turn would help to increase the potential revenue the public broadcaster could collect from this income stream. The SABC also wants to force DSTV to collect license fees on its behalf.Aguma said they want to find inventive ways of collecting SABC TV licence revenues and &nbsp;changing the Broadcasting Act will assist them. Aguma revealed the cash-strapped SABC only has R110m in the bank. The SABC, through the minister of communications Ayanda Dlodlo, is again asking the treasury &ndash; like in 2009 &ndash; for a government bail-out in the form of a bank guaranteed loan. The SABC on Wednesday declined to tell parliament the amount it is asking for. Cape Town - The SABC will not have the financial resources to meet its financial obligations.Communications Minister Ayanda Dlodlo on Wednesday afternoon admitted that the SABC will not have the money to meet its finacial commitment while responding to questions to the financial cluster in the National Assembly.Responding to DA MP Phumzile van Damme, Dlodlo said the public broadcaster will make a loss of R509m for the fourth quarter of the financial year, which ended on March 31.&nbsp; She said that this was an unaudited figure.Van Damme said it was "an absolute outrage" former communications minister, Faith Muthambi, allowed the SABC to be looted. She said steps must be taken against Muthambi.EFF MP Thembinkosi Rawula, who referred to Muthambi as the "dishonourable Faith Muthambi" agreed that steps must be taken against Muthambi.&nbsp;Muthambi wasn't present in the house.#SABC so broke, its radio sport commentators not allowed to travel &amp; attend attend sport matches,now watching it on @SuperSportTV to report. pic.twitter.com/YbfUBnGxwT&mdash; TVwithThinus (@TVwithThinus) May 7, 2017#SABC has 146 staffers in TV licence dept but outsourced their work to Lorna Vision that failed by more than 50% to meet its set target. pic.twitter.com/rhQDZoQeIv&mdash; TVwithThinus (@TVwithThinus) May 10, 2017http://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/sabc-cant-meet-its-financial-obligations-minister-20170510