ANYONE keen to establish why the Leopards have burst out of the blocks in the SuperSport Rugby Challenge would do worse than look at their last game of the season last year. This is where they lost the Currie Cup First Division final to the Griffons.Jonathan Mokuena&rsquo;s charges have begun the Rugby Challenge by avenging that final defeat against the Griffons in Welkom, before starting quickly against Griquas in Kimberley and then having to hold on for dear life to be one of just three unbeaten teams in the competition after two games. Western Province and the Lions are the other unbeaten teams.Mokuena said as a significant part of their motivation this year was that defeat to the Griffons. &ldquo;From the players&rsquo; side we knew we weren&rsquo;t good enough in that final,&rdquo; he explained. &ldquo;They knew they weren&rsquo;t at their best so the big thing for us as coaches was to challenge them to be at their best 24/7.&ldquo;We looked at a team like Ireland, who beat the All Blacks to halt their world record streak for the most successive wins. They had a shaky Six Nations but also stopped England from setting a new world record. We decided not to make the same mistakes.&rdquo;With the round-robin game against the Griffons up first, it was not only a chance to test their new theory,but also an opportunity to avenge their Currie Cup final defeat.&ldquo;The boys knew it would be a tough game, especially in Welkom. But we&rsquo;d worked them hard in the two weeks we had with them and didn&rsquo;t accept any excuses, so it was a nice confirmation that we were on the right path.&rdquo;Mokuena, a former Blitzbok and Lions player, said another reason the Leopards were so quick out of the blocks was the amount of time he could spend with the team: &ldquo;We had a longer time with the players, where I got the senior players and Varsity Cup players together for about two and a half weeks.&ldquo;It&rsquo;s not really a lot of time but it was better than last year, when we had no time to prepare together and just started playing.&rdquo;Of course, finishing sixth in the Varsity Cup after winning it last year &ndash; something the 35-year-old attributes to losing core players in wing Sylvian Mahuza, fullback Rhyno Smith, centre Johan Deysel and flyhalf Benhard Janse van Rensburg &ndash; probably helped in that it meant no play-off rugby.Mokuena is not entirely satisfied with the way his team performed in their first two games. He cited a lack of killer instinct, especially in the Griquas game, where the hosts were allowed to come back to a winning position before being pipped at the death.&ldquo;We made silly mistakes because they scored soft tries while we worked very hard for ours,&rdquo; he lamented. &ldquo;We had our hand on their jugular but didn&rsquo;t keep it there. We need to learn to keep our hand on the jugular.&rdquo;Mokuena, who was in the running to coach the SA Under-20 side before committing to the Leopards because he felt he had unfinished business with them, is enjoying coaching. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s lekker,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s a different challenge but working with people has always been a strength of mine.&rdquo;