BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic assistant coach Lehlohonolo Seema says his charges have the ability to take advantage of an inconsistent Orlando Pirates side to increase their chances of avoiding relegation. The teams will battle it out in an Absa Premiership match at Dr Molemela Stadium today (7.30pm). Seema is currently in charge of Celtic on an interim basis while new coach Luc Eymael&rsquo;s case with his former employer Polokwane City drags on. The PSL&rsquo;s Dispute Resolution Chamber ordered Eymael last month to return to Polokwane to serve out the remainder of his contract. He has since been ordered to appear in front of a PSL disciplinary committee on 16 May.But Eymael told SunSport last week that he was appealing against the PSL&rsquo;s ruling for arbitration by Safa &ndash; and expects a different judgment. With only four games left, Celtic cannot afford to drop points, considering that only four points separate them from bottom club Highlands Park. Phunya Sele Sele occupy 12th spot on 26 points, but Pirates are also desperate for points as they attempt to finish the season in the top eight bracket. Bucs, who lost their last two league games (1-0 to Bidvest Wits and 2-0 to Mamelodi Sundowns), are in 10th position on 31 points with three games to play. They are a point behind eighth placed Ajax Cape Town. This will be an interesting clash considering Bucs booted Celtic (2-1) from the Nedbank Cup in a match that went to extra time on 22 April.Said Seema: &ldquo;This will be a difficult game, with Pirates out to secure a place in the top eight. We are expecting an open game and hopefully we will use the scoring chances we create. &ldquo;We are playing in front of our fans and will use the home ground to our advantage. Our form has improved since that cup game and we have forgotten about it.&rdquo;However, Seema is wary of the danger posed by Pirates strikers Tendai Ndoro and Thamsanqa Gabuza.He said: &ldquo;The Pirates wingers are dangerous and they&rsquo;ve got box players in Ndoro and Gabuza. &ldquo;If we cut the supply of passes to their flanks we stand a chance of overcoming them. &ldquo;We also need to guard midfielder Oupa Manyisa, who likes to join in when they attack.&rdquo;Seema emphasised the importance of not conceding, something which has helped them earn points in their last three league games. They drew 1-1 with Highlands, held Baroka FC by the same margin and played to a goalless draw with SuperSport United.&ldquo;For the team to survive, not conceding is vital,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;We are not bad defensively and our record shows we have the ability to survive such onslaughts.&rdquo;Seema is keeping his fingers crossed that key defender Wandisile Letlabika will pass a late fitness test after recovering from a niggling injury.