DARREN Keet made the best move of his career when he rejoined Bidvest Wits from Belgium club KV Kortrijk at the start of the season.Keet (27) and veteran Moeneeb Josephs formed a formidable goalkeeping combination that helped the Clever Boys win the Absa Premiership for the first time in history.Keet&rsquo;s form has helped him regain his place in Bafana Bafana. He was named as one of three keepers by new national head coach Stuart Baxter for the vital 2019 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifier against Nigeria in Uyo on 10 June.Keet admits he was surprised when he got his call-up: &ldquo;I played in the 2015 Afcon, then went missing for a year, was recalled and went missing for another year (under coach Ephraim &ldquo;Shakes&rdquo; Mashaba). &ldquo;It was a surprise but I&rsquo;m thrilled to be back in Bafana, especially for a big game like this one against Nigeria.&rdquo;He believes Bafana can cause an upset against the star-studded Super Eagles in their backyard: &ldquo;I was in the Bafana side when we drew 2-2 in Nigeria in 2014. That was a game we should have won. &ldquo;We basically have the same squad now, only the players have improved in quality, have played together more often and have gelled better. I believe we can win. &ldquo;If we did not believe we could beat Nigeria there would be no point in us going there. We simply have to believe in ourselves.&rdquo;Keet reckons Baxter, who replaced Mashaba earlier this month, is the right man for the job: &ldquo;I&rsquo;m looking forward to working with coach Stuart. I have heard a lot of good things about him. &ldquo;He has done well at club level, winning trophies with both Kaizer Chiefs and SuperSport United.&ldquo;It will be exciting having him in charge. He will bring a different dimension to our football.&rdquo;Keet is happy to be challenging Chiefs&rsquo; Itumeleng Khune and SuperSport&rsquo;s up-and-coming Ronwen Williams for the No 1 jersey. He said &ldquo;All keepers share a bond. We encourage and help each other. &ldquo;Coach Stuart has picked three competitive keepers and we will keep each other on our toes.&rdquo;Baxter&rsquo;s men will assemble for camp on Sunday. They will have two training sessions on Monday and Tuesday, before jetting off to Uyo State via Lagos on 7 June.