May is burn awareness month, and with winter&rsquo;s early arrival, the chances of people getting burnt is higher. Where did the burn happen? Knowing a burn location is important. - Burns on the neck or signs of burns to the nose or mouth may need emergency protection of the patient&rsquo;s airway, as swelling of the throat can block the airway.- Burned tissue shrinks and can damage organs underneath. Large area burns need to be surgically removed.- Eye burns, third-degree burns and complicated location burns need a doctor&rsquo;s attention immediately!- A doctor should examine a burn if it is larger than a person&rsquo;s palm; contains blisters; darkens or breaks the skin; involves the face, hand, feet, genitals, or skin folds; is not completely clean; causes pain that is not relieved by medication; or causes pain that does not improve within one day after the burn.First aid for burns To care for a burn victim with a first or second-degree burn, first remove the burning object from inflicting further damage such as clothes which may still be covered in boiling water or burning chemicals. Any constricting jewelry, such as rings, are removed. Do NOT use butter or oils on a burn. Do NOT apply ice, or cold objects, or objects of near-freezing temperatures as this can cause more injury. The affected area should be dowsed with cool water as soon as possible. Treat first-degree burns with an antibiotic cream and antiseptic for minor burns. They are sold over the counter.Keeping the burned area clean is critical as the damaged skin is easily infected. Cleaning may be accomplished by gently running clean water over the burns regularly. Minor burns usually heal without extra treatment. Seek medical help if infection develops. Avoid re-injuring or tanning if the burns are less than a year old. Tanning may cause more extensive pigmentation changes.Once cleaned, bandaged burns must be changed once to three times daily.When on fire! - If someone is on fire, tell the person to STOP , DROP , and ROLL ! - Wrap the person in a thick material such as a wool or cotton coat, rug, or blanket to smother the flames.- Douse the person with water. - Burnt clothing that is stuck to the victim should be removed and make sure the victim is not in contact with smouldering materials. - Do NOT submerge large burns in cold water &ndash; it could cause shock.Electrical burns - If someone is shocked and burned by electricity, do NOT touch the person &ndash; they may be in contact with the electricity source which will shock you!- Do NOT throw water if you see flames!- First, turn off the source of electricity!- Check for breathing, coughing, or movement. If absent, begin cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) immediately. - Lay the person down with the feet slightly higher than the head. Get the person to a doctor immediately.&ndash; HEALTH24.COM