Jozi FM station manager and Mandla Hlatshwayo's close friend, Mpho Mhlongo has opened up to The Juice about their final moments together.&nbsp;Former Generations actor Mandla Hlatshwayo and a friend were reportedly gunned down in Pimville, Soweto during a robbery at a pub on Sunday night.&nbsp;Following the tragic incidents tributes continue to pour in on social media. &nbsp;READ ALSO: REST IN PEACE MANDLA HLATSHWAYO!Mandla spent Sunday afternoon with his colleague and close friend Mpho Mhlongo at the JoziFM Walk 4 Life Fun Run. &nbsp;"We spent the day there. He was handing out medals, taking pictures and giving hugs. He was a very handy person, and was helping people," Mpho said."When I heard that he got shot while trying to help someone, I wasn't surprised. That was his nature." he added. &nbsp;Mpho described Mandla as a "jolly guy" and "very helpful."&nbsp;"He never held grudges and he was always very happy. He just wanted to see people happy." Talking more about Mandla's caring nature, Mpho said: "He loved music, and he loved helping other artists. He would invite them to the office to showcase his talents." "Every year on Father's Day he would spend the day with kids who don't have fathers, braai for them and play soccer with them," he says when recalling one of his fondest moments. When speaking about getting that tragic call last night, Mpho gets emotional: "I got the call late last night that Mandla has been shot and I must rush to the place. I started calling a few people who I asked to go check, while I was on my way. One of my staff members confirmed that he was dead." "When I arrived he was laying there, motionless. It was sad."A bystander that lives across the road from the pub where the incident took place told Mpho that she heard a woman scream and the voice of a man yelling "stop" or "whoah, whoah."&nbsp; "She heard about four gun shots. She went outside and she saw a body laying on the ground. And there was no one else. &nbsp;She went to investigate and saw that it was Mandla. And that's how we got the call."Mandla posted this image and video from his day out yesterday.http://www.channel24.co.za/The-Juice/News/close-friend-talks-about-mandla-hlatshwayos-final-moments-20170515