IT WILL be payback time for Orlando Pirates when they tackle Absa Premiership leaders Bidvest Wits and second placed Mamelodi Sundowns in successive matches this week. Bucs face the Clever Boys at their Bidvest Stadium fortress tonight (7.30pm) and then host the defending champions at Orlando Stadium on Sunday (3pm).Bucs head coach Kjell Jonevret says he is not worried about the fact his next two opponents are fighting for the title. Said Jonevret: &ldquo;We&rsquo;ve been playing teams around us and I&rsquo;m looking forward to playing the two top teams in the league. This will be a really good test for us.&rdquo;Jonevret is hoping to get revenge for the 2-1 defeat the Students inflicted on his side in the first round. And he intends setting the record straight against Downs, who hammered Bucs 6-0 in February before he arrived.The Pirates mentor added: &ldquo;That (Sundowns) was an ugly game and the players are determined to avenge that.&rdquo;He stressed that his focus was on the league and winning the Nedbank Cup. Bucs play Golden Arrows in the cup semifinals later this month. Said Jonevret: &ldquo;We are in a race with Golden Arrows and maybe one other side for that top eight spot. We will have to be at our best to beat Wits. We will be the underdogs.&rdquo;Jonevret is relaxed about the fact Bucs could impact the league race if they take points off the two title rivals, but said: &ldquo;I don&rsquo;t care about the top teams. I only care about collecting as many points as possible from our last five games.&rdquo;Jonevret will again look to Thamsanqa Gabuza and Thabo Matlaba, who scored in their 2-1 win over Chippa United at Orlando at the weekend, to bring their unbeaten league run to four matches.Meanwhile, veteran Wits goalkeeper Moeneeb Josephs, who played his part in helping his side edge Downs 1-0 in a nail-biting clash at Milpark on Monday that saw the Students move to the top of the table, said this was a massive game.Josephs, who won two league titles with Bucs, added: &ldquo;Pirates have improved. This is the biggest game of our lives. We&rsquo;re fully focused on Pirates and nothing else. The league title is in our hands. We have to keep the momentum from this game (Sundowns) going and have to cope with the pressure.&rdquo;The Clever Boys head coach Gavin Hunt was singing the praises of teenage right-back Reeve Frosler: &ldquo;He was outstanding against Sundowns. He has done brilliantly for us since he came into the side from the academy.&rdquo;Wits will be without another former Bucs star Daine Klate, who is suspended.