OUTGOING SuperSport United head coach Stuart Baxter has vowed that his players would not take their foot of the pedal until he leaves at the end of the season. Baxter takes over as Bafana Bafana head coach soon, but he stressed after his side had ended Cape Town City&rsquo;s Absa Premiership title hopes by beating the third placed Citizens 4-2 at the Lucas Moripe Stadium on Tuesday, that he would not allow his players to relax.He stated: &ldquo;We go into every game to win. As long as we play like we did against City we&rsquo;ll be okay.&rdquo;The Scot stressed it was important for Matsatsantsa a Pitori to do well in the Caf Confederation Cup group stages. United host unknown Guinea outfit Horoya AC at their Atteridgeville stronghold tomorrow (7pm).Said Baxter: &ldquo;I&rsquo;m happy with the players&rsquo; effort. The lads worked their socks off against City. I&rsquo;m determined to help the club do well in the Confed Cup group stages, try and finish third in the league and win the Nedbank Cup again. So we have plenty to play for.&rdquo;United meet Chippa United in the Nedbank Cup semifinals in East London on 20 May. They also meet the Chilli Boys in their penultimate league fixture in Port Elizabeth next Wednesday.But Baxter is focused on Horoya: &ldquo;I don&rsquo;t know that much about them. What we have learnt is that defensively they are good and not a bad side away from home. They don&rsquo;t concede a lot of goals. It is important to win our home games in the group stages of the competition.&rdquo;He said he would rotate his side for tomorrow&rsquo;s clash: &ldquo;I would love to keep the side that played against City, as they did so well. But that won&rsquo;t be possible with Chippa around the corner. I will be selecting different sides for Caf and Chippa.&rdquo;After eliminating City from the league race, Baxter said it was difficult to pick a winner between the two remaining contenders, Bidvest Wits and Mamelodi Sundowns.&ldquo;Fatigue will play a role in the final matches as well as injuries and suspensions. The side that sticks to playing simple football will triumph,&rdquo; he said.