KNOWING they are out of PSL title contention, Soweto giants Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs are now eyeing continental glory.Chiefs defender Ramahlwe Mphahlele is still hopeful they might qualify for the Caf Champions League, which would entail finishing the current season in second position in the standings.Bucs captain Oupa Manyisa, on the other hand, said they would rely on success in the Nedbank Cup to qualify for the Confederation Cup.Bucs are still in with a chance to win the Nedbank Cup and next face Golden Arrows in the semifinals at King Zwelithini Stadium on 20 May. In the other Ke Yona match Chippa United will host SuperSport United at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on the same day.The kasi rivals spoke to SunSport at the launch of the Carling Black Label Champion Cup in Joburg yesterday, which was attended by club officials &ndash; and fans in their numbers. Mphahlele believes they will successfully defend the Champion Cup, which Amakhosi have won twice. However, Manyisa reckons they have a better chance of winning the preseason competition at FNB Stadium on 29 July.Rama said the prospect of finishing the season without adding any silverware to their trophy cabinet was disappointing. Said Mphahlele: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s important that we finish well. You never know what will happen. &ldquo;We obviously want to go back to the Champions League next season. &ldquo;We will give it everything we have, we will perform in the remaining matches. If we don&rsquo;t win the league it&rsquo;s fine, but we plan to work hard to return to continental cup competitions. &ldquo;We will make sure we get a Champions League spot, it&rsquo;s always good for the club.&rdquo;The former Mamelodi Sundowns player admitted this hasn&rsquo;t been a good season for the Glamour Boys. He is confident they will do better next season: &ldquo;Everything takes time. You do not just create a championship team in a year. But when you play for Chiefs, you are expected to win, there are no excuses.&rdquo;Luck had evaded them too this season, Manyisa said: &ldquo;But we will continue working hard and taking it one game at a time. &ldquo;It would be a great thing for us to win the Nedbank Cup.&rdquo;