TONIGHT is the night! This evening Bidvest Wits and head coach Gavin Hunt could realise their dream of winning the Absa Premiership title for the first time in history. Tonight sees the penultimate round of the championship, which could be a game changer in the topsy-turvy title race, which has evolved into a battle between leaders Wits and defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns.If the Clever Boys beat Polokwane City at Bidvest Stadium at 7.30pm and Downs lose to Maritzburg United at Lucas Moripe Stadium, Wits would become champions with one match remaining. And such is Downs&rsquo; form at home that the Team of Choice, fighting for the top eight, could cause a massive upset against a side that looks to be feeling the effects of fatigue. Downs drew 2-2 with both bottom club Baroka FC and Platinum Stars, and then 0-0 with Ethiopia&rsquo;s St George in the Caf Champions League. Head coach Pitso Mosimane was unhappy with his players&rsquo; performance and scoring in particular has been a nightmare.Wits go into the this round on top of the standings with 57 points, two ahead of Downs.However, Hunt is keeping his feet on the ground: &ldquo;I can&rsquo;t think further than Polokwane. This won&rsquo;t be an easy game for us. Polokwane beat Kaizer Chiefs at the weekend and are a good side.&rdquo;Hunt said at this stage home ground advantage meant little: &ldquo;Every game is difficult.&rdquo;He said he was expecting his players to bounce back after their 3-1 away loss to FS Stars last Wednesday: &ldquo;Our whole focus is on this game. I&rsquo;m not even thinking about the last game (against Chiefs at FNB Stadium on 27 May).&rdquo;The Students will be without midfielder Sifiso Myeni, who was sent off by controversial referee Victor Gomes against Stars.Mogakolodi Ngele or Mozambique star Elias Pelembe could replace the hard-working Myeni.&ldquo;I was sorry Myeni got a red card as he was starting to come good, but now his season is over,&rdquo; Hunt added.Rise and Shine are also suffering as key midfielders, captain Jabu Maluleke and Sammy Seabi, are suspended too.City&rsquo;s 1-0 home win over Chiefs will have given them the conviction that they can go to Milpark, clinch their place in next season&rsquo;s MTN8 competition and take the title race down to the wire.Meanwhile, Hunt confirmed that his two loan players from Downs, striker Cuthbert Malalila and Ngele, would return to Sundowns after the Chiefs fixture.Hunt would like to have them back next season: &ldquo;After they return to Sundowns the powers-that-be will negotiate and hopefully I will get them back.&rdquo;But a Downs official said Wits had missed the deadline to buy the duo. Both report back to Sundowns on 28 May.