BIDVEST Wits celebrated long into the night on Saturday after they were officially crowned 2016-17 Absa Premiership champions.But the hard graft is not over for everyone. Head coach Gavin Hunt will be working hard in the off-season looking to beef up his squad.Hunt said he expected an even tougher season next term as clubs strengthen in the off-season: &ldquo;There are a lot of clubs rebuilding. It&rsquo;s going to be harder next time.&rdquo;He said he expected to lose players but was on the lookout to strengthen his squad with a view of doing well in next year&rsquo;s Caf Champions League.Hunt said that while he hoped to bring in fresh blood there were not many players available: &ldquo;We&rsquo;ll look at what&rsquo;s in the market but we are not a club that can pay ridiculous prices for players. So I will be looking for players in the free market.&rdquo;It was the first time the Clever Boys had won a league title in their 96-year history.Hunt has become part of an elite band which only has two other members, Gordon Igesund and the late Ted Dumitru, who have won four league titles. Hunt has also won back-to-back titles with SuperSport.The players were presented with their medal and trophy at the FNB Stadium on Saturday after Kaizer Chiefs had dampened their parade a little by beating the new champions 1-0 in the final league fixture of the season.But said a jubilant Hunt: &ldquo;It was a brilliant team effort. There were no individual stars. Everybody pulled together and in the end we made history for Wits by winning the league title for the first time in 96 years. &ldquo;For me that is a massive achievement from this group of players. All credit to them.&rdquo;Hunt had special praise for veteran midfielder Dillon Sheppard, who ended his career of 20 years on Saturday by making a cameo appearance as substitute. Said Hunt: &ldquo;Dillon started with me as a 17-year-old at Seven Stars and now ends it at Wits with me 20 years later. He is a special person &ndash; it was an emotional day for him and me.&rdquo;Hunt disclosed that Sheppard would be moving on to coaching and would be helping with the club&rsquo;s development programme.Wits midfielder Daine Klate also made history by becoming the first player to win six league winners medals. He won another three with Hunt at SuperSport and two with Orlando Pirates.Wits goalkeeper Moeneeb Josephs has also won two league titles with Pirates.