IT IS Cape Town versus Limpopo! This is what the PSL promotion/relegation play-offs will boil down to when Kaap side Stellenbosch FC take on Ga-Mphahlele outfit Baroka FC at Athlone Stadium in the first play-offs match tomorrow (3pm).And on Saturday it will be Venda side Black Leopards up against Stellenbosch as they vie for the remaining PSL berth.The people of the Western Cape and Limpopo have become immediate rivals as they anticipate having an additional team in the PSL. The Cape has two already, Ajax Cape Town and Cape Town City FC. Limpopo can only boast Polokwane City in the top flight. From tomorrow it will be survival of the fittest for coaches Sammy Troughton and Steve Barker (Stellenbosch), Jairos Tapera (Black Leopards), and Kgoloko Thobejane and Milton Dlamini (Baroka).Troughton said he was worried ahead of their match against Bakgaga, as they would be playing another Limpopo side just two days after the Baroka game. He said: &ldquo;The first game is coming and we are under pressure to get the result against Baroka. This will be tougher than ever, going to Limpopo twice is not child&rsquo;s play, but we are ready for the occasion. All three teams are desperate, we want to make our presence felt.&rdquo;The teams will play each other at home and away in a mini league and the top team at the end of round-robin matches will play in the PSL next season. This will be Baroka&rsquo;s first play-offs, but it won&rsquo;t be the first time they meet Stellenbosch. When Baroka were still playing in the NFD in the 2015-16 season, they defeated Stellenbosch in Cape Town and drew their other match in Polokwane. Troughton believes the key for them to conquer the Limpopo teams is not experience, but to be sharp in front of goal.&ldquo;We know Baroka&rsquo;s strengths and weaknesses, we will capitalise on their mistakes. They want to retain their PSL status, we respect them but also want to be promoted.&ldquo;Converting our chances into goals will be key. It&rsquo;s important to start on a positive note so we won&rsquo;t be under any pressure when we go to them,&rdquo; said Troughton. In the past years only three teams from the top tier have managed to win the play-offs. AmaZulu succeeded in the 2006-07 season&sbquo; Mpumalanga Black Aces in 2009-10 and Polokwane in the 2013-14 season.