WITH the end of the Absa Premiership rapidly approaching, Mamelodi Sundowns and Bidvest Wits are still in a fierce battle to be crowned kings of the PSL.The Clever Boys still top the standings with 57 points, a meagre two points ahead of second placed Sundowns, who are breathing down their necks with 55.It was not the best of Wednesdays for the two top teams, as both were shocked by their respective opponents. Downs drew 2-2 with Baroka FC and Wits lost 3-1 to Free State Stars. Some might say the draw and loss by the two were pure flukes, but Baroka fought for the point to ease their relegation fears, while Stars aim to go all out to keep themselves in the PSL next season.Wits will have a break this weekend but Downs are not so lucky. They host Ethiopian side St George in their Caf Champions League Group D match at Lucas Moripe Stadium tomorrow (5pm).So hectic has their schedule been that it has had Downs coach Pitso Mosimane spitting fire, moaning and groaning that they had not had a pre-season break for two seasons in a row, playing 51 games almost non-stop. But when will Mosimane stop talking about their hectic schedule? Wits have played 34 games, so Mosimane believes they have the advantage, as they are fresher and more rested for the league title race.There are only two matches left for the two top teams. Downs are left with Maritzburg United on Wednesday and complete the season against relegation-haunted Highlands Park.Wits will face Polokwane City next week before visiting Kaizer Chiefs to conclude their campaign at FNB Stadium.The advantage lies with Wits, who have to win their two remaining matches to be crowned champions, while Sundowns can only hope Gavin Hunt&rsquo;s lads falter somewhere along the line and they can sneak in. Mosimane said they would want to start the Caf group stage with victory.He said: &ldquo;I think that if we are fresher we can do something. We want to win all our home games to avoid waiting on favours. &ldquo;You can&rsquo;t compare a team that has played 51 games to a team that has played 34 and say the race is the same.&rdquo; But if Sundowns continue with their inconsistencies and bungling, they can forget about retaining their league title.For instance, they conceded a late penalty against Baroka, which Richard Matloga converted. Bakgaga&rsquo;s other goal was scored on the stroke of half-time.A lack of concentration may be Downs&rsquo; downfall rather than fatigue. Meanwhile, Hunt said he was disappointed that they dropped points against Stars.&ldquo;We should have had this league wrapped up long ago. But at least we have a week before our next game and I will be able to give the players some rest,&rdquo; Hunt said, adding that they would keep fighting.