ONE minute he resigned, the next he was MP, and now he is back and he says he never resigned.&nbsp;ALL you need to know about the controversial Eskom CEO Brian Molefe. 18 months ago, he was made Eskom CEO, then resigned after former public protector Thuli Madonsela's State of Capture report painted him as corrupt. He was sworn in as MP two months ago, hoping to be appointed Finance minister. BUT after president Zuma's cabinet reshuffle, Molefe's name wasn't on the list of new MPs. He then resigned from parliament and went back home........ to Eskom. Today, Molefe is back at Eskom as its CEO, and does not remember resigning from Eskom. The Eskom board backs him. They say he was on unpaid leave all along.&nbsp;HERE is how it all started:&nbsp;APRIL 17, 2015Brian Molefe is appointed as acting chief executive officer (CEO) of Eskom. Public Enterprises Minister Lynne Brown made the announcement. Molefe was CEO of Transnet at the time. He replaced Tshediso Matona, who was suspended pending an inquiry into Eskom's problems.&nbsp; Molefe said his priority was to minimise load-shedding, which was plaguing the country at the time. APRIL 23, 2015Molefe tells South Africans that load shedding is needed for Eskom to carry out the required maintenance. SEPTEMBER 25, 2015The Department of Public Enterprises announce the appointment of B rian Molefeas as a permanent CEO at Eskom.November &nbsp;2015Molefe says there likely will be no load shedding until at least May 2016. The media calls Molefe a rare success in the ANC&rsquo;s "destructive" policy of cadre deployment, saying his management style has succeeded in fighting load shedding. NOVEMBER 2015Molefe tells the Parliament that SA needs nuclear power to avoid possible load shedding. He said nuclear procurement will save South Africa from a possible 2026 electricity capacity crunch.&nbsp; NOVEMBER 2, 2016 The office of the Public Protector Thuli Madonsela releases the State of Capture report on afternoon, after the&nbsp; North Gauteng Court ruled that it be made public before 5pm.&nbsp; NOVEMBER 2, 2016 Thuli Madonsela's long-awaited state capture report reveals&nbsp;damning details on the relationship between Eskom CEO Brian Molefe and the controversial Gupta family. According to the report Molefe and Ajay Gupta, the eldest of three Gupta brothers, made 58 telephone calls to one another between August 2015 and March 2016. Cellphone tracking records obtained by the protector's investigators, shows Molefe was at or near the Guptas' Saxonwold, Johannesburg, compound 19 times between August 5 and November 17, 2015. NOVEMBER 3, 2016 ESKOM holds a media briefing. &nbsp;B rian Molefe breaks down crying during Eskom Media Briefing.&nbsp; &nbsp;He suggested that he, Eskom and even the President have been targeted&nbsp;unfairly.&nbsp; NOVEMBER 11, 2016BRIAN Molefe resigns from Eskom. In his OWN WORDS Molefe says:&nbsp;"I am confident that, when the time comes, I will be able to show that I have done nothing wrong and that my name will be cleared. I shall dedicate myself to showing that an injustice has been done by the precipitate delivery of 'observations', following an incomplete investigation, which the former Public Protector has drawn back from calling 'findings'. The truth will out. "I have, in the interests of good corporate governance, decided to leave my employ at Eskom from 1 January 2017. I do so voluntarily: indeed, I wish to pay tribute to the unfailing support I have had since I took up office from the chairperson, the Board and with those with whom it has been my privilege to work. Together we brought Eskom back from the brink."FEBRUARY 23, 2017MOLEFE Is sworn in as a Member of Parliament. May beleieved he was going to be appointed Minister of Finance but&nbsp;when President Jacob Zuma's late night cabinet guillotine finally fell on Gordhan, it wasn't Molefe who received the keys to the treasury, but Malusi Gigaba. APRIL 2017 Eskom wants to pay Molefe a R30m pension payout for leaving Eskom but minister Lynne B rown turned down Eskom's proposal.&nbsp; MAY 12, 2017MOLEFE resigns as MP.The Speaker of the National Assembly, Baleka Mbete, wishes Mr Molefe well. She releases a statement saying p arliament wishes to confirm the resignation of Mr Brian Molefe as a Member of Parliament effective from Sunday, 14 May. Rumour had it that&nbsp; Molefe was due to return to Eskom on Monday, May 15.. MAY 12, 2017 Minister of Public Enterprises, Lynne Brown, addressed the media, regarding the reappointment of Brian Molefe as Eskom CEO.&nbsp; MONDAY, MAY 15, 2017 MOLEFE is back at Eskom. Outside Megawatt park there are protest against his return to Eskom. BUT INSIDE, MOLEFE IS DANCING......... THE DA goes to court to stop Molefe working at Eskom. MAY 22, 2017 'I never RESIGNED from Eskom' - Molefe MOLEFE says he never resigned from Eskom in a set of answering affidavits filed in response to the DA's application which seeks to have Molefe removed from the position. MAY 23, 2017 Brown withdrew her opposition of the court application by the DA to have Molefe's reappointment set aside. She however reserved her rights with regard to Part B of the motion, which seeks to stop Molefe from conducting any work at Eskom. MAY 23, 2017 PRAVIN Gordam to Brown and Ben Ngubane: "You are part of a conspiracy to capture Eskom for the purposes or benefit of the few. That is the reality. Let us not play around with technical questions. That&rsquo;s the reality," Gordhan charged. MAY 23, 2017 The BIG QUESTION! &nbsp;Did Brian Molefe resign, retire or was he retrenched as Eskom CEO?