SUPERSPORT United coach Stuart Baxter will reveal his Bafana Bafana master plan on Monday at his first official media conference since being confirmed as new national head coach. The outgoing Matsatsantsa a Pitori coach let some things slip that he will be addressing in front of the media at his eagerly awaited unveiling next week. There are thorny issues that Baxter has to deal with even before he starts his second stint as Bafana coach. The first thing on his agenda is the old tale of club versus country. The Tshwane giants play their opening Caf Confederation Cup Group D match against Horoya of Guinea at the Lucas Moripe Stadium in Atteridgeville tonight (7pm). In a rare occurrence, no-one even discussed their inclusion in the same group as Democratic Republic of Congo giants TP Mazembe &ndash; the Bafana appointment was on everyone&rsquo;s lips. Talk of their opening Confed Cup group match was overshadowed by Bafana talk right from the start of the media conference in Tshwane yesterday. Skipper Dean Furman admitted that the players were even auditioning for their places in the Bafana setup. Matsatsantsa did not perform well when Baxter and Safa were still engaged in contract negotiations, but all of a sudden the players seem to have regained their focus. They defeated Cape Town City 4-2 in their previous league game. Baxter and the club have not made it clear whether they will release youngster Tebogo Mokoena to join the national Under-20 squad for their Fifa U-20 World Cup campaign in South Korea. Baxter said: &ldquo;The players now have certainty about their future. They know where they stand, which is why they are winning. &ldquo;On Monday I&rsquo;m going to unpack my plans for Bafana and at the top of my priority list is cementing relationships with the club coaches. &ldquo;I don&rsquo;t want to reveal much but relationships will be my prime focus when I&rsquo;m unveiled by Safa.&rdquo; When asked why he was not releasing Mokoena, knowing that in a few weeks&rsquo; time he would be sitting on the other side of the table, begging clubs to release players for Chan and Cosafa competitions, Baxter was diplomatic.He said: &ldquo;Mokoena is one of our senior players and he won&rsquo;t be released yet.&rdquo; Baxter, who is clearly excited about his Bafana adventure, has promised to win the match tonight. He wants to continue the trend that neighbours Mamelodi Sundowns and Orlando Pirates have set for Mzansi football on the African continent. Furman said it&rsquo;s difficult not to perform for a Bafana place knowing that Baxter was the coach: &ldquo;We want to impress him so that he will notice us when he eventually leaves. &ldquo;We all wish the coach the best of luck.&rdquo;