KAIZER Chiefs coach Steve Komphela could be making changes between their goal posts again, as news has emerged that veteran Itumeleng Khune is back at training. Amakhosi host party-poopers Golden Arrows at FNB Stadium on Saturday and the Khune development could leave Bruce Bvuma back on the bench.Chiefs have conceded four easy league goals in their matches against SuperSport United and Cape Town City with the 21-year-old Bvuma between the sticks.Khune&rsquo;s return to action could be a welcome boost for Chiefs as the Glamour Boys aim to finish the season as high as possible in the standings. The 29-year-old celebrity goalkeeper from Ventersdorp has been out with a hip injury after landing awkwardly in their 5-3 penalty loss to SuperSport United in the Nedbank Cup following a 1-1 stalemate in 120 minutes of play. The results of the two matches where Bvuma was the last line of defence are a big reason why Chiefs&rsquo; title hopes have been dented. Chiefs coach Steve Komphela was hesitant to give a definitive answer on whether Khune will start on Saturday, arguing that Bvuma had &ldquo;been doing well&rdquo;.Said Komphela: &ldquo;Khune is back at training. I must say, Bvuma has done tremendously well.&rdquo;Having missed out on all cup competitions on offer and with the league title also out of reach, Komphela believes they are now comfortable. &ldquo;There&rsquo;s an understanding and belief, even from our supporters, that we are in a position to deliver,&rdquo; he said.&ldquo;I can point out unbelievable pluses. Chiefs are currently playing a brand of football that is enjoyable to watch. The energy is there &ndash; and look at the goals we have scored, we generated them. We can&rsquo;t look back, we have to look forward.&rdquo; He also praised Siphiwe Tshabalala for his recent upturn in form. Tshabalala scored against the Citizens and Matsatsantsa a Pitori. &ldquo;He&rsquo;s on fire, he needs a big fire brigade. Somebody stop him! I don&rsquo;t know where he gets the magic from. &ldquo;He is 31 but runs like an 18-year-old. He is a thinker and has an eye for goals. He is experienced,&rdquo; Komphela praised Shabba.