IT IS a fact that women are under siege in Mzansi. Let me rephrase, it&rsquo;s a fact that black women are under siege in Africa &ndash; and sometimes by other women.I&rsquo;m not going to go into rumours that the Chibok girls were never kidnapped. Or how many women and children are raped while you read this.But I&rsquo;m going to remind you of your role as a black woman.Firstly, stop undermining other black women who are unmarried or have less worldly possessions than you. It&rsquo;s childish and a sign of poor education.Black women who call their husband&rsquo;s nyatsis prostitutes shouldn&rsquo;t bore us. Respect the black woman and her choices.Last week, Buhle Mkhize, to my horror and amazement, tweeted damning things about Nomachule. We were horrified &ndash; because a young, beautiful black woman was asserting herself and refusing to be intimidated.She told the world information we didn&rsquo;t need to know. She should be commended for standing up for herself, while we cower, hoping to be seen and not heard. Women must be heard! We need to be seen and heard. Stop waiting for men to save us &ndash; and save ourselves. Since the white Quantum rapists incident came to light, have we as women found solutions?Alternative modes of transportation, perhaps &ndash; or saving to buy a car as a group? Or have we gone our separate ways and hoped for the best? We have to talk to each other.Stay away from your raping husband, as it&rsquo;s not his right to have sex with you but a privilege. Being battered is never sexy. Get out. Be like Buhle, make your man aware that you can lose it if he insists on leering at or touching other women in your company. Stop accepting disrespect.Be like Buhle and give your child Powerpoint slides and discuss differences in physical contact, exploitative or family warmth. Work for your money and not by being blessed. Speak up against any abuse. Stop competing, embrace and support black women.Married women should lead by example and stop sleeping around with married men or Ben 10s. Good Lord, we know the sexual revolution happened decades ago, but you have to be discreet, Boo!Stop insulting each other on social media or TV &ndash; that&rsquo;s for black American female rappers.Let&rsquo;s get our house in order, protect each other and make a difference in saving black women. Be fiercer and speak up. Rest in peace, Karabo Mokoena.