WALTER Sisulu University medical students want justice . . . THEIR fellow student Lwando Mantshontsho &ndash; a sixth-year medical student &ndash; was stabbed and killed at the Nelson Mandela Drive campus&rsquo;s Atlanta residence in Mthatha on Thursday!Yesterday, they picketed outside the Mthatha Magistrates Court where five fellow students, who are accused of killing Lwando, appeared. They held placards demanding that the accused not be granted bail. Siphesihle Mafungwa, Yamkela Mxokozeli, Philani Daca, Sindile Khanga and Lwakhe Matakanye are facing charges of murder and assault. The accused are third- and fourth-year students at the same campus. The other three senior students who were injured during a fight between final-year students and their juniors have been discharged from hospital.Yesterday, the state opposed bail, saying there was a strong case against the accused.Magistrate Thukela MacPauzin postponed the case to 24 May to allow the State to verify their addresses and for criminal profiling of the accused. Outside the packed court, upset friend Ayanda Duba said Lwando was not even part of the alleged argument over seniority rights. &ldquo;He was watching quietly from a distance,&rdquo; said Ayanda. &ldquo;I was surprised when I heard that some junior students had broken into his room and attacked him. &ldquo;I rushed to his room. When I got there I found him lying in a pool of blood, with stab wounds in his head, chest and stomach. He was bruised all over his body.&rdquo;Lwando&rsquo;s death comes a day after university management ordered all its students to vacate the campus.This came after students protested over what they say are flaws in the National Student Financial Aid Scheme, registration and safety on campus.SRC member Siphosethu Mantane told the People&rsquo;s Paper that several students were found murdered and robbed on campus over the past three years.But justice had not been done, said Siphosethu. Lwando&rsquo;s classmate and friend, Nasiphi Nombekela, told Daily Sun: &ldquo;We lost a brother who had a bright future. We&rsquo;re torn and angry and want justice to be served.&rdquo; Lwando was from Cofimvaba.